(Elusive World)
This is a world that is covered in lights.
It all looks so warm, yet I feel so cold. As far as my eyes can see, there are only empty plains that stretch far beyond the horizon.
What am I doing here?
Better yet, how long have I been here?
On the ground behind me is a girl who appears to be no more than eight or nine years old, sleeping peacefully in the lush grass under a large oak tree. I go to brush the fallen leaves off her face, but stop the moment I see a small, wooden hand.
It's my hand. A handmade piece of carved wood with a polished finish.
Besides the girl, a white cat is gently brushing against her chest. Have they always been here?
No, that's right; we have always been here. In this empty world.
An empty, lonely world.
A world that is nothing but vast plains.
The girl is waking up. As I step back, I fall over, and as I sit on the ground, I stare in awe at this girl who has wings like an angel.
(Real World)
I awoke from the bumpy ride of the bus I was on. Looking out the window and seeing the countryside is a nice change; it beats the city I've been staying in for the past couple of weeks. Despite my destination being located somewhere in the countryside, there is not a building in sight. Seems we still have not arrived yet.
Touma: "What a strange dream that was," I thought. They seem to be occurring more often.
Yet it's all starting to become a blur now.
I keep having the same dream. I remember very little shortly afterward, but I seem to always remember one thing: that beautiful angel with long, flowing blonde hair and wings that stretch far and wide yet carry such a fragile presence.
Taking out the map from my pocket and checking, I can see this is the last town in this area I have yet to check. It's a small countryside town on the coast. They have a relatively small population, and it seems like they are known for their festivals and beaches.
After spending so much time in cities lately, a beach sounds somewhat exciting for some reason.
Touma: “I guess I’ll have to check out the beach,” I mumble to myself.
After drifting off once more, the bus comes to a stop, and we finally arrive. Stepping off the bus, the sounds of cicadas ring in my ears as I’m hit with the early-July summer heat.
The first thing I’ll need to do is find a place to stay as I investigate, but first, let's see this famous beach.
Stepping down onto the sand and taking a look around, nothing in particular stands out from what I remember from the last time I was at a beach.
Touma: “It’s nice but nothing special—" Yet as the words slip from my mouth, I see a girl off in the distance, standing alone and looking out to the horizon.
She has long dark hair flowing in the wind and eyes that have a deep purple shade to them. She also has what appears to be burn scars all along the right side of her face.
Having nothing better to do and in need of knowing where to locate the nearest inn, I decide to approach the girl in search of help.
Touma: “Hey, do you know if there are any inns around here?”
The girl quickly turns around, almost jumping from shock. Seems I startled her.
Nerina: “Huh wha—"
Touma: "Oh, sorry, I didn’t mean to startle you. Are you in the middle of something?"
Nerina: “N-nothing in particular."
The girl's expression is a mix of shock and fear; she’s grabbing her right arm as if she’s trying to cover the scars, which might be something she's self-conscious about. It might be best not to bring it up.
Touma: “Writing something." I noticed a notepad and a pen in her hand. She's gripping them tightly.
Nerina: “J-just something for school. Uhmm, have you ever heard of the Summer Triangle?”
The Summer Triangle. I feel like I've heard that somewhere, but I'm struggling to remember where.
Touma: “No, what is that?”
Nerina: "O-oh, it’s just a constellation that forms for only one day every year, and there is a myth tied to it about angels who are in love. I… I’m writing an anthology about it for, um, a school festival. Um, never mind, just forget about it."
When I was a little kid, my mother always used to read me this bedtime story about an angel who left to find the end of the sky, as if such a thing could ever exist; it was a ridiculous story, but one that she loved.
Touma's Mother: She said, "If you ever see an angel, follow it for all your wishes to come true."
So ever since I started seeing this angel in my dreams, I have been trying to find the place I’m dreaming of. It must be based on something I’ve seen or read before in person or even online. Something created by my subconscious that must be connected to something I can’t seem to remember.
And after all this time of no luck, it seems I might have found something, perhaps the start of a clue or lead of some sort.
Touma: “Mind if I help you? I also happen to be looking for an angel.”
Yeah, that's about right; her face says it all. Even though she has loosened up and is less tense, not gripping her notepad and pen as hard, she is still standing there with a shocked, dumbfounded expression on her face.
She probably thinks I'm crazy.
Nerina: “Um, Angel?"
Touma: “Oh, sorry, you see, I keep having this dream about an angel, and when I was little, my mother always used to talk about how if you followed an angel, all your wishes would come true, so I'm trying to find the place in my dreams. I know it doesn't make much sense.
Explaining it out loud probably made me seem even stranger and probably didn't help my cause, but all I got was a bit of a dry chuckle, which I suppose is better than disgust.
After I finish speaking, she stands there thinking, almost trying to pick out just the right words for what to say next. We stood there for so long that time seemed to have slipped away, and I could see the sun was starting to set before she began to speak.
Touma: "Uhm, for the anthology I would like to do interviews, but I’m not really good at talking to people or really writing in general, so, um, I would be really grateful for the help, and if you help, I also have a guest room you could stay in since you need a place to stay.”
Touma: “Really? That would be great. Thank you so much.” I said in almost a shout.
She didn't take too well to that since it seemed to have startled her again.
Nerina: "Oh, sorry for scaring you.”
Nerina: “I-it’s fine.”
Touma: "Oh, by the way, what’s your name?”
Nerina: “It’s Nerina."
Touma: “That's a nice name. You can call me Touma.”
Nerina: “O-ok.”
With the setting sun and wind starting to have a slight chill to it, we decided that it was too late in the day to get any work done, and we would just have to start working on the anthology the next day.
For the time being, we headed to her house, as she pointed out where some important things around town were, like the grocery store or the local quick-care clinic. On the way there, I needed to clear up some things to get a clear idea of what we were writing about.
Touma: “So, um, explain this story again. Something about stars and angels.”
Nerina: “H-huh? Oh, right, so, um, there were these two angels, Algorab and Saiph, who fell deeply in love and eventually got married, but after marrying, they neglected their duties as angels, and as a result, the skies fell into disorder. As punishment, they are now separated by the Milky Way, and they can only meet once a year, on the eighth day of the eighth month. Fomalhaut, this third angel, was deeply moved by their fate, so he became their guiding light so they could find each other. That’s the story anyway; the three stars always make a triangle every year on the eighth of August."
Touma: "Interesting, so you're writing about the story and the stars.”
Nerina: "That's part of it, but there seem to be strange things that always happen around town as it gets closer to the time before the stars meet.”
Touma: “Strange, in what way?"
Nerina: “I’m not sure…”
As we arrived at Nerina’s house, we continued our small talk, and I was able to learn some things about Nerina, like, for instance, she is currently in her last year of high school, which would make her only a year younger than me.
She lives alone; her grandma, who lives in a nearby city, unable to visit due to old age, has been financially supporting her for the past four years.
Touma: “What about your parents?” I ask.
The questions seem to make her hesitant for a moment before speaking.
Nerina: “They’re away.”
It seems like there is more, but I decided not to pry; it is getting late anyway, and it is not my place to say anything about her family’s situation.
Opening the door to the guest room inside, I can see that the room was kept very organized, and apart from a little dust, it seemed relatively clean, like it had gone untouched for years. There was a single queen-size bed along with a small side table beside it that had a lamp and a digital clock on top.
After bringing my stuff inside and thanking Nerina again for all the help, a wave of tiredness washes over me. It seems that all the traveling has finally worn me out.
Nerina: "Again, thanks for everything, Nerina," I say before crashing out.
She replies with a small nod before departing down the hall.
