(Elusive World)
After noticing me fall, the angel with wings is now looking down at me; she quickly starts apologizing, almost panicked.
Angel: "O-oh, I’m sorry. Did I scare you? I didn’t mean to. Are you alright?”
I’m fine; not a problem. I want to reassure her that she does not need to apologize, but I don’t have a mouth to speak with in this world, so all I can do is shake my arms back and forth.
The angel seems to notice and calms down.
Angel: “That’s good; glad it's all ok.”
After standing back up, she seems to spend a while looking around.
Is she looking for something? As far as I saw, this is an empty world. What could someone possibly be looking for?
After seeming to be satisfied with her observations and some quick thinking, she starts walking off.
Where are you going?
"Don't leave me behind in this lonely world," I want to say.
The angel turns around and looks down at me with pity in her eyes.
Angel: “Are you not able to speak?”
I nod my head.
Angel: “That must be lonely. Are you wondering where I’m going?”
Yes, that's what I want to know: Where would someone want to go in such an empty world?
Angel: “I’m leaving this place.”
Leaving?
Is that even possible?
Angel: “You probably have so much you want to ask and say. I don’t know if I can do it or if it’s even possible, but—"
The angel then got down to hug me.
She must be warm, but of course, in this body of wood, I can never know of that warmth.
Angel: “Let’s go to a place that is different from this one, a warm place where every day is fun.”
Is such a place like that real? Could we possibly find the place as she describes it, one that isn't empty or so very lonely?
The angel lets go of our hug, and we all start walking, me, this angel, and the white cat, to hopefully a new world full of life, warmth, and fun.
At some point during our journey, there is a puddle of water looking down. I can see my reflection. It is that of a wooden jester toy.
(Real World)
Waking up, I’m faced with an unfamiliar ceiling. Well, I suppose when you're on the move, as I’ve been for the past year, such a scene is nothing new, yet most of the time it’s waking up to the sky from having to resort to sleeping on a bench.
Luckily, I have a bit of cash saved from being able to pick up small jobs while on the move.
I know what I’m searching for is something that could only be described as a literal pipe dream, but I don’t care. Something is telling me that this journey is important. Is it fate or just a feeling? Either way, most of the time when I tell someone, I receive a strange look, and they are unwilling to help me. I’m glad I found someone caring like Nerina.
Touma: “Suppose I should thank her again,” I say in a grumble, still waking up from yesterday’s travel.
Checking the clock, I see it's early in the morning. I guess I’ll see what's around town.
Heading down the stairs, I see Nerina getting ready for what seems like school.
Touma: "Hey, thanks again for letting me stay.”
Nerina: "I-it's no problem," she says, trying to seem like she wasn't startled.
Touma: “Heading out to school now seems early.”
Nerina: “I like to head out early to avoid the crowds.”
Touma: “That makes sense.”
Nerina: "W-well, see you later; if it's ok with you, we can talk about the anthology when I get back," she says, walking out the door.
Touma: "Alright, looking forward to it," I remarked with a smile and a wave, seeing her off.
Well, since I have some time on my hands, I guess I’ll see if there is anything to eat before I head out to town.
Looking around her kitchen, a lot of the surfaces are covered with dust, and the sink is filled with dirty pots and pans. It’s a pretty depressing sight, and I want to clean it up before I head out as a way to repay her kindness.
I find some cleaning supplies under the sink and get to work, handwashing all the dirty pots and pans and putting them on the drying rack before wiping down all the surfaces, leaving the kitchen a lot cleaner than it was beforehand.
After cleaning up the kitchen, I head out to explore the town and to ask a few questions of my own to see if I can get any more clues to the place in my dreams.
Touma: “Man, I still haven't had anything to eat yet. Hmmm, what's that sound, someone running?”
As I turn around, my chest feels this sharp pain that spreads throughout my whole body.
Touma: Someone ran into me. "Man, how fast were they going?" I thought, falling to the ground.
As my head continues to spin and my vision starts to readjust, I can hear a soft yet cold voice.
Rabea: “Ow ow ow. Man, that hurt. Hey, are you alright?
Looking up, my eyes are met with the sight of a girl.
She seems to be around the same age as Nerina, or maybe younger. It's hard to tell with her short stature, which is surprising for how hard I got hit; her hair is light brown in the style of a short braided ponytail.
Touma: "Wait, this is not relevant; I just got rammed into it at full speed." I think as I'm gripping my chest and standing up.
But before I can say anything,
Rabea: "Sorry, I have to go, but if you wait outside the high school at the edge of town around three in the afternoon, I'll make it up to you.”
And just like that, she’s gone.
Man, maybe Nerina wasn’t too far off with this town having strange oddities; it feels like it's been nothing but eventful since I’ve arrived. Guess I could see it as a sign that I’m getting closer to finding the angel in my dreams.
Exploring the town, I realized something: there’s nothing special about this place.
It makes me think back to Nerina’s words about her suspicion that strange things occur during the time leading up to the day of the Summer Triangle.
I can’t help but start to take back what I was thinking earlier; in reality, it actually feels like I’m being punked here. Nerina doesn’t seem like that kind of person, but this town couldn't get any more generic besides maybe the resident that I've met.
After my little field trip around town, I pick up some groceries for Nerina and drop them off in the fridge before waiting outside the school for this mystery freight train.
Rabea: “Hey… you.”
Turning my attention to where the sound is coming from. It’s her. Not made of metal or carrying any raw goods like you would see from a train. Just a normal high school girl.
Rabea: “Let’s go,” she says, grabbing my hand and practically dragging me away.
Maybe she’s embarrassed that we could have looked like a high school couple, or embarrassed remembering how we slammed into each other.
After being dragged around, it seems we ended up in some local restaurant.
As I am looking around, it’s not long before she starts talking.
Rabea: “Hey… so, um, sorry for running into you again, so order whatever you want; it's on me, and then we will be even.”
Between us ordering our food, eating, and her insisting on paying the bill, we don’t speak a word to each other. The silence is painful. It feels like we’re a couple who just broke up.
Touma: “So what were you doing in such a rush?"
I don’t really care what her answer is; I just want to end the silence.
Rabea: "Oh, I’m the student council president of that high school and was just running a little late to school.”
It seems like that first part wasn’t necessary, but since she seems pretty important, she might know a thing or two about Nerina.
Touma: “Since you're the student council president, you must know Nerina then.”
I notice she tightens her grip on her drink. Do they not like each other? I'm suspecting this was a bad topic, or I should have just not spoken at all.
Rabea: "Yeah, I know her. What is your relationship, if you don't mind me asking?"
Touma: "We're just friends.”
Rabea: "Friends, huh… You're not from around here, I’m guessing.”
Touma: “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Rabea: “Nothing, forget about it; just keep being friends with her," she mumbles before getting up and heading for the door.
Touma: "Hey, wait… can I ask you one more thing?"
Rabea: "Sure, but let's walk.”
As we walk back in the direction of Nerina's house, she starts prying into more details.
Touma: "Sorry, but one last thing: I never got your name.”
Touma: “It’s Touma, and yours?”
Rabea: “Rabea… So what did you want to ask?”
Touma: “Right, what do you know about the Summer Triangle?"
Was it something I said? Because now I’m getting this icy cold glare.
Rabea: “It’s just a stupid myth, but since you're bringing it up, you must be pretty close with Nerina. What really is going on? I’m not going to stand here and tolerate any wrongdoing towards Neri—"
Like something out of a book or some kind of visual novel, cutting her off is Nerina’s voice and a matching, nervous-looking Nerina running toward us.
Nerina: “H-hey Touma… Oh, Rabea.”
Touma: "Hey, what’s up?" I responded. Shifting my attention away from the lecture I think I just avoided.
Nerina: "W-well, you weren't at the house, and I got worried you might have gotten lost or s-something since you're not from here.”
Touma: “Sorry for making you worried. I guess it is pretty late. I just bumped into one of your classmates here, and she mentioned she was the student council president, so I thought I would ask about your thing.”
Don’t think I need to mention the fact that I got taken down by her on the sidewalk.
Nerina: "O-oh, ok.”
Rabea: “W-wait,” Rabea interjects.
Rabea: “ ‘Weren't at the house.’ Are you two living together or something? Nerina, how long have you even known this guy?” she says, pointing at me.
This seems to have startled Nerina, who instinctively backed up. I decided to interject before this leads to any more misunderstandings.
I then explain why I’m here and how I decided to help Nerina on her festival project in return for helping me and a place to stay till the day of the Summer Triangle.
Rabea stands there thinking intently, taking in all the new information, still glaring at me with those sharp, cold eyes.
Rabea: "Well, I suppose if that's all, and since it's better for the festival, I suppose it's alright, but now I’m helping just to make sure nothing happens. As student council president, it’s my job to help students on and off campus.”
Touma: "That's fine with me. Does that work with you, Nerina?”
She gives me a timid nod. I let out a sigh of relief, glad that all worked out.
As Nerina and I are walking back to her place, she starts the conversation, something that doesn't happen often.
Nerina: “S-so did Rabea have anything to say about the Summer Triangle?"
Touma: "Hmmm, well, no, but imagine she didn't want to say too much after just meeting me and not knowing we are working together, so I bet if you ask her the next time you see each other, she’ll have more to say, but it seems like she really cares about you. That must be nice. Are you two friends?”
Nerina: "N-no, not really, but I'm glad you two are helping. T-thank you.” Nerina says with a small smile.
Touma: “What a long day." I think before passing out on the bed in the guest room. Still no info on the place in my dreams. I wonder why Rabea was so protective of Nerina. Is it just because she is the student council president? It makes sense; she seems strict and fits that role well, kind of like a judge.
My mind wanders from thing to thing about the events that occurred today as I slowly drift asleep.
