(Real World)
The next morning, after getting ready, Nerina and I are seated around the table in the kitchen to discuss the plan for the anthology during the weekend. When I got a text from Rabea in the group chat we made after trading contact information last night.
Rabea: “Since an anthology can consist of plays, poems, short stories, songs, fiction, or non-fiction excerpts, you two can check out the library for anything on the Summer Triangle while I ask around town to see if anyone knows anything. And as for any strange things happening around town, that is something I don’t know about and haven’t heard anything."
Touma: "Well, I can see why Rabea was chosen for the role of your school's student council president," I say to Nerina, who is reading the message on her phone.
After we both eat breakfast and clean up, Nerina and I head out of the house to go visit the town's local library. Since I’m new to town, I follow her as she leads me there, saying it's a place she visits often, so she knows the way.
While on the way to the library, Nerina mentioned that there might not be much on the Summer Triangle because, according to her, since the town is relatively small with not many people living here, they don't frequently get special things like books for the library or other things along that line delivered often.
Entering the library, it’s definitely not grand, but it’s not terrible; we should hopefully be able to find something.
Touma: "Ok, want to split up and cover more ground? Then we’ll meet up with what we find.”
Nerina: “O-ok… see you.” Nerina softly says, leaving with a small wave.
While searching in the library, I managed to find a few books on the Summer Triangle; though small in content, these will be pieces that we can use to help write the anthology.
After some more searching and some searching of my own for anything that might help solve my dream with no luck, Nerina and I met at the checkout counter, and she checked out the couple of books we were able to put together.
Leaving the library, I look over at Nerina, who starts to say something before stopping.
Touma: "Is anything wrong or something on your mind?”
Looking back at me, her face starts to turn a little red; she must have gotten embarrassed because I noticed she wanted to say something.
Nerina: "N-no, it’s nothing; I just wanted to thank you for helping, that's all.”
Touma: "Hey, no problem; you're also helping by giving me a place to stay, so no need to be so formal with me.”
Nerina: "Ok," she remarks with a calmer look.
We decided that we could do a couple of interviews on the Summer Triangle now that we were done with the library. Nerina mentioned that she wasn’t great at talking to people, but she was willing to try asking people if I was there to help.
But considering that someone who looks like Nerina’s age is running towards us waving with both hands, we might not have to go far to find someone to ask about the Summer Triangle.
She has long, dark brown, curly hair and big, round eyes. Guess they matched the eccentric personality. I mean, compared to Nerina’s sharp, sunken eyes and dark clothing style, these two were polar opposites, but I guess opposites can attract, so I might as well ask.
Touma: “Do you know her?" From how happy and bubbly this new girl was. I would assume they were best friends.
She just timidly nods her head. Not the typical response for seeing a friend.
Sylpha: "Heyyy, Nerina, who is this, your boyfriend?”
Nerina: "N-no," she responds, seeming kind of shaken up.
I should probably step in. Nerina is starting to look a little pale, but before I can, she starts talking again.
Sylpha: “Well, ok, so what are you doing? I rarely see you outside of school.”
Nerina: “Doing an anthology for the school festival…”
Sylpha: "Ooo, I should help; it would totally get tons of reads if I promoted it.”
From what I can tell, I don’t think this is a good idea. I can’t confirm, or rather, I don’t have any strong reasons to believe so, but Nerina might be getting picked on at school. It’s not hard to believe that a popular girl like her would seem friendly just to bully her target later to get a stronger reaction out of them.
Back before I graduated, I mentioned what my mother said about angels and how if you followed one, your wishes would be granted. Not as something I truly believed in myself, but I thought it was something nice to believe in, kind of like how Christians believe in heaven, a sort of hope. Even mentioning it only to a handful of people, I still experienced some bullying.
I want what's best for Nerina, so if this is bullying, it might be tough; just helping her might not be enough. I have to consider Nerina’s feelings as well. The number one reason bullies aren't reported is that their targets are ashamed. They don't want other people to know that they are being bullied. So stepping in right now probably isn't smart; it might help in the short term, but the long-term effects of her being saved by some older guy people aren't familiar with in such a small town would not heal her heart long-term.
Sylpha: “So what do you say?" the girl asks.
Nerina: “O-ok.”
She also might not be the type of person who can say no easily. I’ll have to find time to chat with either one or both privately.
Sylpha: “Alright then, let's do this. You both will be super grateful for my help… I would love to help now, but I've got to go finish some errands. I'll see you on Monday… Oh yeah, and you older guy, my name's Sylpha.”
Touma: “Touma.”
Sylpha: "Bye, you two," she says, running off smiling and waving.
As we walk back to Nerina’s house, I look over and see that she is kind of biting her lip as we walk in silence. It seems like I might have been right on a few points in my assessments. I’ll try indirectly touching on the subject.
Touma: “Is everything ok?”
Nerina: “W-what…”
Touma: “Everything just seemed tense back there. If you have anything you need to talk about, I'm here to listen.”
Nerina: “O-oh, ok, I think I’ll be fine, but thank you. I’m sorry about that. She's very popular at school and known for being extroverted.”
Touma: “No need to apologize; I’ll make sure it works out.”
Nerina: “T-thank you. Do you think you could help me with starting the anthology?"
Touma: "Yeah, of course.”
As we approach her house, someone is standing in front of it. It seems like they're looking at something. We both kind of just stop instinctively before approaching closers.
With a closer look, I can see it's another girl, probably also from Nerina’s school. She's on the tall side and has dyed blue hair, which she wears in a short bob.
When I try to match where the girl's eyes are looking, I see a white cat pacing around on Nerina’s second-floor balcony. It must have gotten up there somehow, and now she’s trying to get it down.
The girl, hearing our footsteps, turns to face us approaching.
Mala: “Oh, hey, Nerina.”
Nerina: “Hi, Mala," Nerina says, seeming calmer than when we talked to Sylpha. I wonder if these two are friends.
Mala: “Who’s your friend?” Mala asks, now turning both their attention on me.
Touma: "Touma, nice to meet you.”
Mala: “Likewise.”
Mala: “...”
Mala: “...”
Touma: “Is that your cat up there? Need help getting it down?” I ask, trying to move the conversation forward.
Mala: “Yes. Yes.”
Touma: "Alright," I say, heading inside and up the stairs.
Sweat begins to trickle down my face from my forehead, and an arrhythmic, painful pulse begins to beat in time with my racing heartbeat.
That conversation must have given me a headache. I guess Mala does like social interactions a lot. There sure are some strange people in this town.
After picking up the cat and bringing it down to return it to Mala, most of the pain has gone away, but it must still be on my face since Nerina interjects.
Nerina: “A-are you ok, Touma?"
Touma: “W-what? Oh, I’m fine. I think this day just gave me a headache.”
Mala: “Are you hungry?" Mala interjects.
Touma: “How is that related to a headache?"
Mala: "It's not. I ask because I am."
Her blatant seriousness tells me she's not joking; the ridiculousness of it all causes the corners of my mouth to turn slightly upwards into a small smile.
Touma: “You know what I could eat. What do you say, Nerina? One more won't hurt.”
Nerina: "Sure, that works with me,” Nerina says, trying not to laugh.
I think that's the first time I’ve seen her this happy. It’s something I would like to see more of.
After dinner, I prompt Nerina to ask Mala about the Summer Triangle, which she seems to pick up on.
Nerina: “S-so Mala, for the school festival, I'm doing an anthology on the Summer Triangle happening soon. D-do you know anything about it?"
Mala: “...”
Mala seems to be giving the question great thought, coinciding with how long she is thinking; at least I think that's what she’s doing. It's hard to read the expression on her face.
Mala: "Nope, I can’t say that I have.”
Nerina: “...”
Mala: “...”
Nerina: “I don’t really know what to say next."
Nerina: "Umm, w-well, would you like to help us if you hear anything?" Nerina softly says.
Mala: “Ok,” Mala says with no emotion.
After exchanging contact information and saying our farewells, Mala leaves, carrying her cat in her arms, causing me to instinctively let out a sigh.
Since it's getting pretty late, Nerina and I have decided to start writing the anthology tomorrow.
Touma: "Alright, goodnight.”
Nerina: “G-good night, Touma.”
She gives me one more lingering look before disappearing down the hall.
I can’t help but think that I have yet to make any progress on figuring out my dreams since I arrived. In the past, while I was investigating other towns and cities, it was all I could focus on, so why am I so determined to help out Nerina with her anthology?
Perhaps I'm just exhausted from the work over the past year; being with Nerina feels nice. I want to stay beside her.
(Elusive World)
It feels like we have been walking for days.
And in all that time, my view has not changed.
It is that of the side of an angel as I walk beside her.
Who is this angel? She has wings yet does not use them, instead choosing to lead me through this empty, lonely world.
Guiding me to a new place, she is sure of exists.
One that isn't lonely, where we can all have fun every day.
Looking up, I see the sky.
A vast stretch of blue filled with an array of lights and clouds.
What lies beyond it?
Is it connected to the place we are heading or perhaps a place I once knew?
I have no memories except for the ones I've made here in this wooden body.
If such a past or future world did exist, what was it like?
I would want it to be full of life.
A world where you wouldn't have to dream of walking beside someone.
Perhaps that's why the angel chooses not to fly.
If so, how long has she been waiting for someone to be beside her?
