(Real World)
It's been about a week since I started helping Nerina with her anthology, and according to her, we are making good time. Waking up, I can see several notifications on my phone from our group chat for the anthology.
Rabea: “Here are some PDFs I created that contain transcripts of interviews I had with people who knew of the Summer Triangle."
Sylpha: "Alright, I asked some of my friends at school, and they recommended asking around where the cliff overlooking the town is, since that seems to be a popular spot to view the Summer Triangle."
Rabea: "Sounds good. How about we all meet up so we can pull together anything we may have found? Does that work with everyone?"
Mala: “Can we do it at a restaurant?"
Mala: “I’m hungry."
Nerina: "How about the one near the station?"
Rabea: “Sounds good."
Sylpha: "Okayyy."
Mala: "Alright."
It seems we are meeting at the station.
After getting dressed and heading downstairs, I can see Nerina already dressed and ready to head out. She's wearing a one-piece dress alongside some sneakers and some sort of flat cap. It’s making me feel a little underdressed.
The sound of the stairs creaking seems to get her attention, quickly adjusting her hair before speaking.
Nerina: “H-hello Touma, g-good morning."
Touma: "Morning, did you sleep well?"
Nerina: "Y-yes, thank you.”
Walking to the restaurant, my mind starts to wander. Nerina’s school festival seems to be held in early August, around the same time the Summer Triangle appears. Considering it's still only early July, it seems we’ll have plenty of time to finish the anthology, and maybe I'll get some time of my own to investigate my dream before the festival.
There’s also the subject of the strange events. Nerina mentioned. From what everyone says, they can't think of anything peculiar that has stood out recently, and sadly, I would have to agree. Maybe Nerina is just paranoid about getting the project done since we only have a couple of weeks left.
As I am thinking, I start to hear Nerina’s voice calling my name.
Nerina: “Touma… Touma… Touma.”
Touma: "Y-yes," I say, feeling bad. I wonder how long she's been calling me before I realized it.
Nerina: “I was just... w-wondering what you were thinking about."
Touma: “Oh… just about where else we could ask about the Summer Triangle and how we always seem to end up at restaurants when we go out with Mala.”
She gives a small giggle. And it makes me think about the strange state of our friendship, but I do know that such little gestures are things that I wouldn't see were I not at least some distance closer to her than when we first met.
Nerina: "I-is something... wrong?"
Maybe I should stop being so evasive. If I want to understand her, I can’t pretend the scars weren't there.
Touma: "Hey, mind if I ask you a question?"
Nerina: “S-sure.”
Touma: “You don't have to answer if you don't want to, but... how did you get those burn scars?”
Unsurprisingly, Nerina freezes on the spot and grips her arms with the burns with her other hand.
With pursed lips, she begins to speak before stopping.
Nerina: “I… I d-don't think I want to answer that yet, s-sorry,” she says, now looking down and gripping her arm harder.
I think I messed up. No, I definitely messed up. I knew there was a chance this could happen; I wanted to get closer to Nerina, but I just ended up pushing her further away.
I’m the worst.
Touma: "Hey, I’m sorry; just forget about it. If you don't want to talk about it, that’s ok; let's just get to the restaurant before we keep everyone waiting.”
Nerina: “Ok.”
When we get to the restaurant, I can see that everyone is already waiting outside; it seems like we ended up keeping them waiting after all.
Sylpha: "Geezzz, what took you two so long?... and you're so undressed, Touma," Sylpha said, pouting.
Nerina: “Yeah, I know, I’m sorry about that.”
Entering the restaurant, I can tell why everyone has been commenting on my outfit. The ambient hum of quiet speech and the high-pitched clattering of cutlery and wine glasses. The mood is very formal, yet relaxed enough for me not to feel too uptight.
Once we get seated and place our orders, our waiter leaves to attend to others with a quick bow, and Rabea starts our discussion.
Rabea: “So it seems from what we have gathered so far, Nerina, I would say that you have enough texts on the Summer Triangle for your anthology, yet it seems we are still lacking in interviews of people who know what the Summer Triangle is. Mala, I know you went around to ask some people where you work. Any luck?”
Mala: “I did hear one thing."
Mala: “...”
Mala: “...”
Touma: “And that would be?” I ask.
Mala: "Something about how the stars were named after tarot cards… The guy I work with is into that sort of stuff.”
Touma: "Hmm, that could be something to work on, right, Nerina?"
Nerina: “Uh oh, y-yeah," she says with an awkward expression; she's probably still thinking about what I asked earlier.
Touma: “Did they happen to mention which ones?"
Mala: “Which what?” Mala asked, tilting her head slightly.
Touma: “Terot car—ah, never mind; just forget it.”
Mala: “All right. I'm good at forgetting things, but I do think they mentioned the cards were justice, strength, and the hanged man."
Mala doesn't seem the most reliable. I can't read the expressions she makes. I hate how bad I am at interpreting her.
Sylpha then starts giggling.
Sylpha: "Ah, you two are funny, but I heard from some people at the grocery store that you actually see the Summer Triangle early in the day compared to most stars. We should all go watch it on the eighth."
Rabea: “Let’s first try to get this done," states Rabea, trying to get us back on track.
Sylpha: “Geezzz, you're no fun.” Sylpha punches back, going in for a hug, which Rabea avoids.
Once the food we ordered arrives, there's less talking as we all enjoy our meals. It's a strange feeling, but these past few days have been the most fun in a while since I started searching for the place in my dream.
I glance at Nerina every once in a while as she quietly eats. I'm starting to feel the guilt of what I said. I’ll have to apologize again later today.
Once we finish eating and head out, we decide that I, Nerina, and Rabea are going to interview around town since Sylpha and Mala both had work today.
Going deeper into town, there seem to be a lot more shops than there were on the coast. It’s hard to tell where we should start since I am not from around here.
Touma: “Hmmm, hey, do you guys have any ideas on where we should start?"
Nerina: “I… I don't go to this part of town often, so I’m not sure.” Nerina timidly remarks.
Rabea: "Well, I know the locally owned shops are more popular over there rather than big corporation shops,” Rabea says, pointing to the right of us.
Nerina: “Ok, let's go with that.”
For a small town, there are a surprising number of unique shops, lots of electronic stores with the newest computers, and different kinds of convenience stores from travel stops to corner stores.
After a little while, we went to a small shop beside a convenience store. For once, the store windows aren't filled with electronics and computer games but with dolls, stuffed bears, and all manner of wood-crafted oddities.
An antique store? Well, if there's anyone in this town that might know something, I guess it'd be here. I reach for the old-looking door handle, pull it back, and enter the store.
Once inside, Rabea and I head to talk to the shop owner while Nerina looks around.
Looking around the store, only one person is working at the register; he must be the owner. He is an elderly man with a slight slouch and tiny circular blue-lensed glasses.
I wonder if he's the only one who works here; it must be tiring.
Noticing us approach, he adjusted his glasses, pushing them up his nose towards his eyes.
Touma: "Hey, we got a few questions for a school project. Would you happen to have time for an interview?"
Old Shopkeeper: “Hmm, well, sure, ask away.”
Touma: "Ok, first, have you heard of the Summer Triangle?"
Old Shopkeeper: “The Summer Triangle, hmmm, yes, that does sound familiar."
Touma: “Would you happen to be able to tell us anything you know?"
Old Shopkeeper: "Yes, let me think… I believe the stories surrounding the Triangle started in Greece.”
Touma: "Uh-huh, yes, Greece," I mumble to myself, trying to quickly write down what he says.
Old Shopkeeper: "With many astronomers believing that the love story could affect feelings far beyond that third angle. Besides Greek mythology, countless other cultures have created their own stories about these constellations, all seeming to revolve around the eternal love between the two angels and the third one that was influenced by their fate.”
As the old shopkeeper finishes, Rabea steps in to ask a question.
Rabea: "Last thing, do you believe in the story and its effects?"
Old Shopkeeper: "Well, why not? It's the kind of story that gives hope.”
Touma and Rabea: “Thank you very much for your time," we both say, shaking the old shopkeeper's hand and walking away.
Looking around the store, I spot Nerina. It seems like she’s looking at something approaching closer. I can see she has some sort of jewelry box in her hands, comparing it with the other styles displayed on the shelf.
Touma: “That looks cute. Are you interested in it?”
Nerina: “U-uh oh, yes, it's nice,” Nerina says, startled by my comment.
Touma: “Then you should get it. I think it would suit you well.”
Nerina: "Y-yes, I would like to get one… I-I'm just not sure which one. What one d-do you think looks nice?”
Touma: "Hmmm, what about this one?" pointing to a jewelry box made of oak and purple heartwood with a golden trim.
Now putting the old one back, Nerina grabs the new jewelry box with both hands, gripping it tightly.
Touma: “Do you not like it? Sorry, I'm not very good at this kind of thing.”
Nerina: “N-no, it's very nice; I love it… I-I'll go get it," she frantically remarks, running off.
Leaving the antique shop, I can see it's already starting to get late; we must have spent a while in there.
Rabea: "Alright, you two, I'll see you later; it's getting late. I should get home before my parents start wondering.” Rabea says not to even wait for a response before running off.
As I’m walking back with Nerina, I start wondering if I should still apologize early today. When I gaze over, I can see she’s slightly smiling, holding her new jewelry box in both hands. I can’t help but smile at the sight; Nerina’s smile has always been infectious in its almost childlike sweetness.
Though I was trying to be subtle with my staring, it seems she at least caught me smiling and gazing my way before looking down a little and rubbing her arm.
Nerina: “What’s up? Something wrong?”
Touma: "It's just... You had a... n-nice smile.”
I could feel my face getting red, and I didn’t look at her. When did I become so easily embarrassed? Maybe her face was getting red, too, as we walked the rest of the way back in silence.
Arriving at the house, a realization hits, and checking the fridge only confirms my suspicions. With all the work we have been doing on the anthology, I had neglected to buy groceries. With a deep sigh and an apology, I let Nerina know about my mistake, and I’ll be heading out.
On the way to the store, walking through the empty streets, I see a familiar face.
Touma: "It appears to be Sylpha," I think to myself.
Touma: "It's kind of hard to tell through the outfit."
She has on a baseball cap and overalls. Does she work here? It makes me curious. She is putting boxes on a truck's back. It doesn't seem like something she would do, so I approach closer.
Touma: "Didn't expect to see you out this late."
Sylpha: "Ah… oh, it's just you, Touma." She looked shocked. Must have not expected anyone to recognize her in that outfit.
Touma: "Thought that was you, you know, with the outfit and all. Didn't take you for this kind of job."
Sylpha: "And what's that supposed to mean?"
Touma: "Uh… w-well, you kno—"
Sylpha: "I'm just kidding. I know what you mean, but doesn't this outfit look cute?"
Touma: "Yeah, it looks good."
Touma: "So what are you doing out this late?"
Sylpha: "Just picking up groceries."
Touma: "Hmmm. You're living with Nerina, right?"
Sylpha: "Yeah, that's right. Is something wrong?"
Touma: "No, it's just kind of funny. You know, I didn't know you could cook. You two are like a married couple."
Sylpha: "Do we really appear that way?"
Touma: "I would say so, but it's cute."
Sylpha: "Wait, how did you know I was the one cooking?"
Touma: "Well… Nerina just doesn't seem like the kind of person to cook."
Touma: "I suppose that's true," I said, unsatisfied.
You would never know, but I'm always so uncomfortable around you. Always smiling so big and bright, it's like you're putting on an act. Am I just paranoid to protect Nerina, or just a cynic about things like this? Either way, I need to know the truth for Nerina.
Touma: "Hey, do you mind if I ask you a question?" I added before she could walk away.
Sylpha: "Ooo, what do you want to know?"
Touma: "Why did you join us in making the anthology?"
Sylpha: "What do you mean? I already told you, putting my name on it would get tons of reads, and it seemed fun."
Touma: "Stop lying. I know you're not doing this out of the kindness of your heart, so just tell me the reason… the real reason."
She backed off, growing quiet and reserved.
Sylpha: "Hmmm… I don't know what you're trying to imply, but you shouldn't go throwing around accusations like that, Touma…" Her voice softened.
Touma: "I just want to be close to people. I'm tired of hurting them… Sorry, I have to get back to work. See you later."
She ran off without a wave, without glancing back. Not even a peek.
What the hell am I doing?
Getting into people's lives.
Messing everything up.
I came here to figure out my dream. Why am I so invested in these people I barely know?
I didn’t do this for Nerina. I’m doing it for myself.
 
