(Real World)
It's the next morning, and I just about got no sleep because of yesterday. I've been having too much fun lately helping Nerina with her anthology and spending time with everyone. I'm getting involved; I should just back off.
Touma: “Maybe I should just tell Nerina I can't help her anymore and go focus on figuring out my dream.”
Yet as I'm rubbing my eyes, I hear my phone go off.
Touma: “A message?” I wonder, reaching over to check who it could be.
Rabea: “Hey, would you want to go do interviews at a park with just me?”
Touma: “Hmph, yeah, there's no way I can just leave everyone now.”
I care too much about these people. Even though we haven't known each other for very long, backing off now would be a cowardly thing to do.
Touma: “I’ll just have to make things right.”
I message Rabea that I’ll be there; hopefully, the park can help me clear my mind.
Heading out, I can feel eyes on me; turning around, I can see Nerina peeking around the corner.
Nerina: “M-morning Touma.”
Touma: “Yeah, morning. Are you going to work on writing some of the anthology today?”
Nerina: "Y-yes, w-where are you going?”
Touma: “Rabea and I are going to do some interviews in the park and try a different area of town today.”
Nerina: "Ok, good luck," she says with a little smile, waving me off.
At the park, between the sound of kids playing and the humming of the wind, I spot Rabea running toward me; she seems to be holding a picnic basket filled with an assortment of items.
Rabea: “S-sorry to keep you waiting," she says, trying to catch her breath.
Touma: “What do you have there?”
Rabea: “Oh well, I thought we could have lunch first, so I brought things for a picnic.”
Touma: "Alright, that sounds like a good idea. Do you need any help?"
Rabea: “No, that’s ok, it’s quick to set up, you can just wait.”
After Rabea finishes folding out the cloth, I sit down on the checkered cloth. I then grab one of the many sandwiches she seems to have prepared beforehand and take a bite.
Touma: "Hey, this is actually really good.”
Rabea: “Really? I'm glad.”
I wonder how long she's been planning for this or why she only invited me. But just as quickly as I started, my thinking is interrupted by a drop of water falling on my hand.
Looking up, my face is hit by a sudden downpour of rain
Rabea: "Looks like the weather's not going to cooperate with us. Hey, we should probably head inside to keep dry.”
Rabea: "Hmmm, we're already pretty wet, Touma."
Touma: "Yeah, but we can dry off this way and maybe wait out the storm. You don't want to catch a cold or anything, do you?”
Rabea considers this for a moment. I think she's debating if we could stay out in the rain just to spite the weather.
Rabea: “I suppose you're right. Is there anywhere nearby we can go?"
Sadly, I've got no clue; this area is pretty new to me, but as I'm thinking, Rabea's face seems to light up.
Rabea: “I know about this good cafe nearby; let's go there."
Touma: "Alright, lead on.”
We started running through the rain to the cafe; it's like something out of a movie. Once there, we entered the cafe, soaked. It seems fairly crowded inside, because of the sudden rain, I'm sure.
Looking around, there's a games section in the corner. A couple of billiards tables can be seen, and nobody's using them either. I glance at Rabea, about to ask her if she'd like to play, but she's already looking in the same direction.
We kind of just glance at each other before heading over.
Rabea: “You know how to play eight-ball?” Rabea asks.
Touma: “More or less, I'm not an expert or anything.”
As Rabea goes to get the cues from the wall, I set up the balls on the table. Now, with the balls arranged and ready for play. I step back and take my cue from her outstretched arm.
Rabea: “You want to break?”
Touma: "Sure." Rabea nods before getting into position at the end of the table.
After a while of playing in silence, Rabea decides to be the one to break the silence.
Rabea: “Do you love Nerina?"
Touma: “...”
Rabea: “...”
Touma: “Does it look like I do?"
Rabea: "Don't answer my questions with another question.”
Touma: “Fair… I’m not really sure I would like to become closer, but I don't want to ruin what we already have, you know what I mean?"
Rabea: “So that's why you're helping to get closer to Nerina.”
Touma: "No, remember when we first met, how my dream relates to the Summer Triangle's story, and that's why I'm helping.”
Rabea: “So that was true?"
Touma: “Of course it was true. What do you think? I would lie?"
Rabea: “Sorry, no, you don't seem like the type to just sound a bit ridiculous.”
We both laugh before falling back into silence, but this time I’ll break it.
Touma: “So what's your reason for joining? It seems like you would be too busy with student council work and your own schoolwork to help. Are you sure you're not overworking yourself?"
Rabea: “I’m perfectly fine doing this, and it does not concern you how much work I do."
Touma: "You're much easier to read than you think, but I'm guessing you would never tell me if you had too much work to deal with and were overworking yourself, right?"
Rabea: “Everyone hides their weakness; I'm just doing what everyone does.”
Touma: “But wouldn't relationships be better if people didn't hide that and could be their true selves? You don't need to be afraid of showing your true self."
Rabea: “I know you're just trying to cheer me up; people who really believe that are perfect, and you're not perfect. While I was running to the park for our picnic before you noticed me, your face read that of a guilt that's crushing you, but I guess you would never tell me what's going on. You're the type that wants to solve things on your own, right?
Touma: “Heh, it seems like you've figured me out. I'm really not perfect.”
We finished the rest of the game in silence.
By the time we finished, the rain had cleared up, and we walked the rest of the way back side by side in silence, only speaking to say "see you later" before separating.
It's around eleven in the morning the next day, and I'm still in bed
Apparently, I almost fainted in front of Nerina after I started sweating a lot and breathing heavily before complaining about another headache. She says I should get my head checked at the hospital, but I insist that I must have gotten it from getting caught in the rain yesterday. I haven't been sick in a long time; this sucks.
I ended up telling Nerina just to go to school, and I would be fine, which she was reluctant to do, which I suppose was nice to hear.
Guess I’ll try to get some more rest.
Yet shortly after closing my eyes, I'm suddenly awakened by the sound of knocking.
Who could that be? Nerina and the other girls should be at school. Not wanting to get out of bed, I try to ignore it, but whoever it is sure is persistent, forcing me to reluctantly get out of bed and head downstairs.
Touma: "Yeah, yeah, I'm coming.”
Opening the door, I hear a familiar voice.
Sylpha: “Geez, Touma, how long were you going to make me wait? Not nice to keep a girl waiting. Seven years of bad luck for you.” It's Sylpha pointing at me standing outside the door before getting reserved.
Sylpha: "Oh, and sorry for blowing up at you back then… Can I come in?” she says in a soft tone. She's serious.
Geez, now I can't say no. I move to the side, gesturing for her to come in.
Sylpha: "Thanks, now get back to bed, Touma. I'll be taking care of you, and before you ask, I heard from Nerina that you were sick, and I couldn't let a member of the team drop dead; I wouldn't be a very good friend if that happened.”
Touma: "Thanks, I guess."
She sure does switch emotions quickly, I think, heading back upstairs and settling into bed. I can hear pots and pans clanking and loud bangs coming from the kitchen while I'm in bed. After she's finished, I'm sure I'll have a big mess to clean up.
After a little while, I see Sylpha coming in with a bowl and spoon.
Sylpha: “Here you go. I made some soup; I hope you like it. It's my mother's recipe… Oh, but be careful; it's hot.”
Touma: "Thanks," I say, taking the bowl and tasting the soup.
Touma: "Wow, this is really good.”
Sylpha: “I know, right? It's unbelievably good.”
I'm so uncomfortable. Why are you so happy? You should be mad. I was horrible. So why?
Putting down the bowl on a side table and taking a deep breath, I gaze over at Sylpha; she seems to brace herself for the question she didn't want to talk about but knew was coming.
Touma: “Why the hell are you so happy?"
Sylpha: “Oh, Touma… I… I couldn’t be mad; after all, it was all my fault.
After a brief pause and a deep breath.
Sylpha: "Hey, do you mind listening to my story just for a little bit?”
Touma: "Sure," I say with a nod.
Sylpha: “I have a terrible personality; I always end up hurting the people I care about.”
Touma: “For the longest time, I thought no one would ever like me; it was always that way. If I had kept going, I was only going to end up continuing to hurt people.”
Sylpha: “Before I became all bubbly, I was known for having a sharp tongue. I was mean, rude, and harsh.”
Touma: “At first I just tried pushing everyone away, but the more I pushed, the more I just ended up hurting people… I ended up hurting a lot of people.”
Sylpha: “So I ended up trying to be fake. Put on a sort of mask and act not like me.”
Touma: “Turns out I'm a really good actor, heh." She said with a sort of chuckle.
Sylpha: “People started accepting me; it was nice.”
Touma: "But I'm a fool. I'm just deluding myself."
Sylpha: "I've done my best to be nice to people. I never want to switch to my true self.”
Touma: "I'm selfish and jealous.”
Sylpha: “I’m aggressive. I'm actually really scared of people.”
Touma: “I have to hide this side of me from others; they won't like me otherwise.”
Touma: "I'm not the nice, cute girl people see.”
Sylpha: “Please… Touma… The guilt of this lie has been crushing me for the past five years… Please help me.”
At this point, tears start flowing from her eyes. It's painful; it's like my heart is being torn apart. I'm not the person for this.
Moving my arms in, they start shaking before I am able to grab hold of her hands, which are soft and warm, and then we both turn into an embrace, holding each other tightly.
Touma: “Having relationships built on your idealized version of yourself just isn't right; you shouldn't feel guilty over your weaknesses.”
Sylpha: “Your embarrassing, weak, selfish sides are all still you, no matter how much you hide them.”
Touma: “Even if you're difficult to deal with and not cute at times, someone out there will accept you. Isn't that what you want? Someone to love that half of you.”
Sylpha: "The people who don't accept you don't deserve any version of you.”
Touma: "There isn't one simple solution; all you can do is show the parts of yourself you’re ashamed of and trust they’ll still stay beside you.”
Sylpha: “It doesn't have to be everybody, but I promise you it won’t be nobody. You're already starting with one.”
She continued to cry into my shirt for minutes, nodding along with what I said, taking it all in. I stayed there in silence, blushing from that embarrassing speech I just made.
I'm glad she can't see my face right now.
After she stops holding on to me and stops crying, she looks into my eyes, and all I can see is a truly happy smile.
Sylpha: “Thank you, Touma. I'll go tell all my friends tomorrow at school that I'm sorry for lying to them and that I'm ready to be my true self… Oh, and sorry about the mess downstairs."
Touma: "That's ok, I'll take care of it.”
Sylpha: "Oh, I have an errand my mother asked me to run. I'm sorry, I have to go.”
Touma: “Thank you for everything.”
(Elusive World)
We keep walking for days on end; occasionally, we stop.
I enjoy those moments.
There are very few words exchanged when we stop walking.
Unable to speak with this body of mine.
It's so very sad.
This angel sleeps most of the time.
She enjoys curling up with the white cat.
They both appear to be sleeping soundly.
They look so peaceful sleeping.
But in this body of mine, sleep is not necessary.
Sometimes I take a walk while they are asleep.
Angel: "Hmm."
I must have woken her up.
Angel: "Ahh, are you leaving?"
Just for a little while.
Angel: "No, I want you to stay here with me… Please don't leave me alone.
 
