(Real World)
It's been a couple of days, and I have yet to hear from Sylpha. I hope everything went all right telling her friends at school about it. I thought about sending her a message, but I decided against the idea.
Touma: “She’ll let me know when she's ready.”
As I'm thinking, all of a sudden I'm getting a call on my phone. It's from Mala; I decided to answer the call.
Touma: “Hello, it's Touma.”
Mala: "Hey."
Mala: “...”
Mala: “...”
Touma: “Is there something you wanted to ask?"
Mala: "Yeah, I heard that you can cook. Could you teach me today?"
How could she have known? I doubt Nerina would say anything. Sylpha must have told her.
Touma: "Yeah, I could teach you a few things; you have things to cook with.”
Mala: “No.”
Touma: “Ok… You want to pick those up, or you need some company. I can come along."
Mala: “If you like.”
Touma: “Alright, I'll see you soon.”
After meeting up with Mala, we start heading to the store to get the supplies for cooking. She doesn't seem like the most social person, which she has made clear, so very few words are spoken on our way there.
Entering the store, Mala continues to follow me as I pick up ingredients based on the things she is interested in making.
Mala: “Hey, what's it like living with Nerina?"
The question catches me off guard. I slowly turned around to make sure I heard that right.
Touma: “W-what?”
Mala: “You know two young adults living together.”
Touma: “We haven't done anything,” I say, turning back around, counting to pick things off the shelf.
Mala: “Hmmm… Doesn't sound opposed to it, though.”
Touma: "Ok, I hear you. Why are you curious anyway? I would assume you would stay out of people's business.”
Touma: "Yeah, that does sound like me… But I think I want to be more honest.”
Mala: “How do you plan on doing that?"
Touma: “Hmmm, not sure… Doing things you're not good at is hard.”
Mala: "You're not wrong there.”
It makes me think back to how Sylpha wanted to be honest with herself, but in her case, it was because she hated the guilt it caused her. Not sure how much of a guilty conscience Mala has.
Touma: "Well, if you need someone to be honest with, I’m here," I say. I come at it from the point of allowing her to make the first step; maybe that will help her be more honest, but she just looks at me, confused.
Mala: “Are you hitting on me?"
Touma: “What? No… j-just forget about it.”
Mala: "Ok, I can do that. By the way, how is the anthology coming along?"
Touma: "It's going well; we should finish on time. I'm just worried about Nerina; she spends her whole day writing nonstop."
Mala: “Hmmm, I'll let her know I have some time I can use to help.”
Touma: “I think she would appreciate that. You do seem the most comfortable with her… Ok, that should be the last of the items, let's check out.”
Mala: “Ok.”
After checking out and making our way back to Nerina’s place. I taught Mala how to make just a simple pot roast, which the three of us shared for dinner before the two of them started working on the anthology together.
With nothing to do, I decided to step out of the house and go for a walk to get some fresh air.
Touma: Walking around town, I notice a thin building barely noticeable between two larger buildings. Looking up at the sign, it reads “Fortune Telling."
Remembering what Mala said when we all went out for lunch together, the Summer Triangle’s stars were named after some of the tarot cards.
Nerina: "Maybe I can get more information for the anthology.”
Opening the door and walking into the building, looking around, it's very small, like a narrow hallway leading to a reception desk with a white cat sleeping on top of it. Suddenly, I'm greeted by a woman with long, curly black hair at a reception desk.
Fortune Teller: "Hello, are you interested in getting your fortune told?”
Touma: "Umm, if I'm being honest, I just had a couple of questions on a few tarot cards.”
Fortune Teller: “Ohhh.”
Touma: “You think you could help me out?”
Fortune Teller: “I think I’ll be able to manage this; it's my job after all, but for the information you seek, what about telling?" She says with a somewhat sly smile.
This lady is definitely trying to scam me, but I’m curious enough to take my chances.
Touma: "Alright, I’ll bite.”
Fortune Teller: "Wonderful, just follow me.”
She led me behind the desk to a small, dark room. There are two cushions on the floor with a small sit-down table in between them. Sitting down on the nearest cushion, she takes the opposite. As I'm looking around, the white cat seems to follow, sitting on my lap; she grabs a deck of cards and starts shuffling.
Fortune Teller: “Are you allergic?"
Touma: “No.”
Fortune Teller: "That's good; it seems he likes you.”
Touma: "Hey, so how does this exactly work?"
Fortune Teller: “Hmmm, let's do a three-card spread first. I'm going to need you to think of a question or some sort of topic or situation. You look young, perhaps a love interest of some sort?”
This could be something to lead me to my dreams; maybe this wasn't a waste. This is perfect.
Touma: "I've been having the same recurring dream lately, and I have been searching for its meaning. Can you do that?"
Fortune Teller: "Absolutely. Now I'm going to show you three cards; the first will represent the past of the dream, the second will represent the dreams as they stand in the present, and the third will represent the future of this dream. Now… Let's begin," she says as she closes her eyes and takes a deep breath.
Fortune Teller: “Now first your past," she says, flipping over the first card.
Looking at the card before me, I see the justice pointing away from me.
Fortune Teller: “The reserved justice representing the past tells me there’s something you know deep down but lack the confidence or reason to confront yet. Perhaps guilt from an unfair situation.”
Fortune Teller: “Next is where you stand now," she says, flipping the card.
Before me is the strength card facing me.
Fortune Teller: “The strength of the present tells me you're more capable of facing your dream and what it represents now than you were in your past. Perhaps due to a sudden change, something or someone entering your life is suggesting a forced growth, allowing you to approach fear instead of avoiding it.”
Fortune Teller: “And finally is the future where you are pointing," she says, turning over the final card.
It's the hanged man facing toward me.
Fortune Teller: “The hanged man… hmmm, this future outcome suggests that the meaning of the dream may come through a shift in reality, an understanding coming from a reflection of a great sacrifice. Only then will you be able to stop trying to force the meaning and look at it differently.”
How am I supposed to interpret that? I'm left speechless for several minutes thinking about what to say.”
Fortune Teller: "Alright, now that I have held up my end, what were the cards you wanted to hear about?"
Touma: "Ummm, those were the card justice strength and the hanged man.”
Fortune Teller: "Interesting, perhaps it's fate. And perhaps that's answered your question.”
Touma: "Yeah, I think it did… Umm, thanks," I say, picking up the white cat and moving it to the side before standing up somewhat dazed and a little lightheaded.
Leaving the building, I chose not to tell the girls about what I was told. But it seems I'm one step closer to figuring this all out.
The next few days, Nerina and I continued to work on writing the anthology together. I feel like our relationship hasn't progressed. We're really good friends, and I can tell she is a lot more comfortable around everyone than when we first met.
Moreover, she's still uncomfortable about going into her past. I want to protect her so she doesn't have to deal with it alone, but I'm a coward unable to bring it up after forcing the question on her a couple of days ago, before our group meet-up.
Yet as I’m glancing her way while we discuss where to interest some of the interviews in the anthology, I hear my phone buzz. Checking the message, it's Rabea.
Nerina: "Hey, you might not have known this, but Nerina’s birthday is tomorrow. We're all meeting up to pick out gifts. Sylpha is already here. I'm guessing you're going to want to come. You never know; she could be so captivated that she just confesses her love to you, or you could just confess yourself already.”
Even through text, I can feel the harsh sarcasm in that last part.
Touma: “Alright, I'll be there, and you're starting to sound like Sylpha with that last message.”
Sylpha: “Sylpha says you're a massive idiot."
Yeah, I'm fully aware, looking over to Nerina before standing up.
Nerina: “I-is something wrong?" Nerina says with a worried look on her face.
Sylpha: “It’s nothing. I was thinking we would need some paper to print these on. I'll head out and get some.”
Nerina: "Ok, you want me to join you?”
It pains me to turn her down, but I must.
Sylpha: "No, that's ok; you should focus on the anthology, and then when it's over, we can hold a big celebration with everybody."
Touma: "O-okay, see you later, Touma," she says with what seems like a newfound determination.
Heading out the door, I check my phone to see the address that Rabea sent where we are meeting up. It's a bit far; I'd better hurry. Sylpha is sure to chew me out if I show up late.
Arriving at the location, I started recognizing it. Looks like we're in the deeper part of town where we went for interviews near all the shops, and I can see the three girls in the distance.
Sylpha: "Hey, what's going on?"
Sylpha: “Geez, Touma, you made me wait again; that's another seven years of bad luck, that's fourteen whole years. " Sylpha says clearing, not caring. I'm still trying to catch my breath from running here, trying to avoid this.
Touma: "Yeah, ok.”
Rabea: “Ok, let's split up and meet back up an hour later,” Rabea interjects.
Splitting up, I walk down the streets, checking stores, seeing what Nerina might like. Maybe I should have asked the girls for ideas on what girls like for their birthdays.
I then see a familiar store that makes me pause. It's the antique store where we interviewed the old shopkeeper. And approaching from the other direction is Mala. She seems to look at me, then the store, followed by looking back at me.
Touma: “Is this place good?”
Mala: “What do you mean?”
Mala: “You just seemed to have recognized it; you think Nerina would like something inside?”
Touma: "Yeah, I think so; we stopped here once before, and she got a jewelry box. Want to join me inside?"
Mala: “Sure.”
Entering the store, the old man stops what he was doing and peers up from behind the checkout counter.
Touma: "Hmmm, back again. Have more questions?”
Touma: “No, that's not it. We're here to pick out a birthday present for a friend.”
Old Shopkeeper: “I see. Is it that dark-haired girl you came here last time with?”
Touma: “Yeah, that's the one.”
Old Shopkeeper: "Well, I wish you luck in finding something," he says, returning to what he was doing behind the counter.
Looking around, nothing seems to stand out. Shelves lined with different kinds of art pieces and woodworks. Is Nerina into art? She's never brought anything like that up. Turning the corner on top of one of the shelves is a box of jewelry.
Touma: “She did get a jewelry box last time we were here.” I think I'm looking inside the box.
The box contains various necklaces with different pendants: hearts, moons, and animals. I think I’ll avoid the heart one for now, putting it back, but spotting a necklace where the heart necklace once was. It's a simple silver-linked necklace with a star pendant.
I think this could be it; checking the price. I feel she would feel guilty if I got her something too expensive, but thankfully, it's fairly reasonable.
Having my gift, I see how Mala is coming along, but it looks like she is deciding.
Touma: "How's it going? Any luck?"
Mala: "Unfortunately, no. Have you picked your gift?"
Touma: "Yeah, a necklace.”
Touma: “Hmmm, that's pretty good. Can't believe I have known her for so long, and you seem to know her so much better.”
Mala: “Sorry if I made you feel bad; you must know lots about Nerina that people don't know.”
Touma: “Hmmm, I'm not sure in all honesty. I only became friends with Nerina because I was lonely; I had nobody.”
Mala: “Wait, what?"
Mala: "Let's take this conversation outside. I think I found a good gift,” she says, holding a small wooden music box.
After paying for our gifts for Nerina’s birthday and stepping outside the store, she looks at me, staring deep into my eyes with that same blank stare she always holds.
Touma: “When I first got to high school, I was truly lost in the world. You see, I never had any friends in middle school, and I thought it was going to remain that way through high school until I met Nerina.”
Touma: "After what happened, people were always on edge around her; nobody would ever approach her. I don't think it's out of anything like hate or jealousy."
I don't know why, but I got really mad hearing this.
Touma: "I keep hearing this same crap about something happening to Nerina at school. First, it was Rabea asking if I was really her friend; now it's you. Whenever we are out together and see your classmates, they always avoid her. What really happened to Nerina at school?" I say, interrupting Mala.
Mala: "I actually don't know the full details of what led up to it; rumors got passed around town, so it’s hard to say what's true. You're either going to have to ask Rabea or Nerina herself, but anyway, there was someone in the world who was truly as lonely as me, and that's why I started hanging out with her."
Touma: "I thought someone who is just as sad and pathetic as me could be my equal and wouldn't leave me, only being with her because I wanted someone to need me."
Mala: "You must think I'm a pretty horrible person, right? What a bad reason to want to be friends with someone. But after you showed up. Someone who knew nothing about Nerina yet stuck by her side, someone who really did care for her. It's like a great shift occurred. Now she has many friends like Rabea and Sylpha."
Touma: "I was scared she wouldn't want me around since we weren't equals anymore. She was no longer lonely, being able to make so many new friends through you."
Mala: "Don't worry, I don't hate you," she says with a bit of a laugh.
Mala: "In all truth, I do want to be her friend, but only when we are equals. So for now, it's your job to make her happy. You think you can do it?" she says, handing over her gift.
Touma: "Yeah, I think I got it," I say, taking it all in.
Mala: "Good."
Mala: "When I can start being more honest with myself, stop being so indifferent, and stop thinking it's a bad thing to care about things. I'll return to stand by her side as an equal. So for now, just hand her my gift and say it's from me. I'll see you later… Touma."
Our conversation must have only lasted a moment, but truthfully, it felt like hours had gone by. The emotionless Mala, projecting her longing to be needed by helping someone else who was just as hurt, is now running off before my eyes. Wanting to be better so that neither of them is truly above the other.
Returning to where we agreed to meet up after an hour, I explained Rabea and Sylpha Mala’s decision. They nod in agreement before agreeing that she made the right call, but could have perhaps done it after Nerina’s party. The three of us then head back, ready for tomorrow.
 
