(Real World)
Early the next morning, Nerina and I are working on the anthology when I hear a knock on the door. That must be the girls; they had planned for a surprise party, saying they would come over early the day of her birthday.
Questioning whether Nerina is into surprises because, to be honest, she doesn't seem like she would be, but they assured me that it would go over well. I decided to trust them, so here we are.
Touma: “I’ll get the door," I say, standing up, opening the door to Rabea and Sylpha, each holding a bag.
Sylpha: “Hey, you're getting better at not leaving me waiting, Touma. Good job.” Sylpha remarks in her usual joking tone.
Touma: “Oh, and thanks. I talked to some of my friends, and while some of them couldn't accept what I had to say, I'm fine; no need to worry about me.”
Touma: “That’s good to hear. I'm glad," I say, gesturing them in.
By now, Nerina has come out, wondering what all the noise is.
Sylpha: “Heyyy, Nerina, happy birthday!” Sylpha says, running, hugging Nerina.
Touma: “Uh wha—.”
Sylpha: “Sorry for surprising you like this," I say, trying to reassure Nerina.
Nerina: “I-it’s ok… T-thank you guys.”
Sylpha: "Well, this is no place to have a party; let's head to your room, Nerina," Sylpha says, already making her way there.
Touma: “That works with you,” I ask, putting my hand on Nerina’s shoulder
Come to think of it, I’ve never seen Nerina’s room; now I’m kind of curious too.
Nerina: “S-sure.”
Heading up the stairs and down the long hall, we arrived at her room.
Entering Nerina’s room is surprisingly bare and monotone. There are no decorations on the walls, which are plain white in color. Her bed consists of a dark blue blanket and monochrome bedsheets. And the desk only has a few books and supplies for school.
Nerina: “S-sorry that there isn't much,” Nerina says, a bit flustered.
Rabea: "That's ok, bare rooms can be good, like no distractions, good for getting schoolwork done,” Rabea says, trying to do what I think is reassuring her.
Sylpha: "It's ok; we'll just have to slowly fill this room up with gifts every time it's your birthday,” Sylpha says, smiling brightly.
Guess I take her word, she’ll be ok now.
We all sit on the floor with cushions from the couch downstairs.
Nerina: “S-sorry, I don't have any seating in my room… Um, where is Mala?”
I suppose I should have seen this coming. I then explain her decision, everything I was told, from why she first wanted to become friends to being scared of no longer being needed, with Rabea and Sylpha chiming in every once in a while with things they knew.
Nerina just sits there in silence, nodding at everything before opening her mouth.
Sylpha: "Well, I’ll have to apologize to her when we reunite. I always knew we didn’t have a normal friendship, but I still enjoyed it a lot.”
I then see a tall brown bag next to a gift bag close by Sylpha, which catches my attention. I try to glance inside it a couple of times, but can't get a good look from here.
Nerina: “Hey, Sylpha.”
Sylpha: “Yeah. What's up?"
Nerina: “I was curious about that brown bag there.”
She pauses for a moment, then gives a slightly cheeky smile.
Sylpha: “Let me show you.”
Opening the bag, Sylpha pulls out two full bottles of fancy red wine and sets them on the floor.
Nerina: "Alcohol? Seriously?”
She just laughs.
Sylpha: "Sorry, I know it's super questionable, but a little shouldn't hurt.”
Nerina: "Well, I guess I won't complain then.”
Sylpha: "That's right, Touma. Now, where are some glasses?"
Looking over to Rabea, she lets out a big sigh. Wonder if she is used to this.
Touma: “I’ll go grab some," I said, excusing myself.
After returning with the glasses, Sylpha snagged them, filling them to the brim before handing them out.
Sitting back down, I decided to give a toast.
Sylpha: “Cheers to Nerina.”
Touma: “Cheers.”
Nerina: “C-cheers.”
Rabea: “Cheeeers.”
Sylpha: “Cheers.”
After raising the glasses, we all take sips of the wine. I can taste the fruitiness of the wine; it's a nice flavor that is almost entirely hiding the taste of alcohol.
Touma: "Hey, this isn't too bad.”
Sylpha: "I'm glad you like it," says Sylpha.
Rabea: "Ok, now that it's opened, let's get to the gifts. This is from me, Nerina," Rabea remarks, handing over her gift.
Nerina: “G-gifts?”
Sylpha: "Yeah, it is your birthday after all, so go ahead and open it.”
Opening the gift in her hands is now a new leather bag with a chain strap. It looks incredibly fancy. I’m no expert on bag prices, but I'm guessing it must have cost a lot.
Nerina: "I-it's very nice, thank you, Rabea.”
Nerina gives the bag a look inside before setting it down at her side and nervously smiling.
Nerina: "S-sorry, I never know how to act in these situations. I… I often don't get presents.”
Sylpha: "That’s ok here; open mine next," Sylpha says, handing over her gift.
Inside the fancy gift bag is a little doll fitted with a sunflower dress and a small flat cap that matches the one Nerina has.
Nerina: "It's beautiful," Nerina says, her face lighting up at the sight of the doll. Before embracing it with both arms, she then set it in her lab.
Sylpha: "I'm glad you like it," replies Sylpha.
Touma: “Though she couldn't show up, this one is from Mala. She wanted me to tell you happy birthday," I say, handing over the gift.
Nerina nods in silence, opening the wrapped music box.
Nerina: "It's wonderful… I’ll send her a message saying thanks l-later.”
Nerina stands up, stumbling a little bit from the wine before winding up the music box and setting it on her desk.
Now with a soft tune filling the room, Nerina proceeds to sit back down.
Touma: "Here's the last one; it's from me. Happy birthday," I say, handing her the gift.
Opening the small wrapped box, she picks up the silver-linked necklace with a star pendant, letting it sway side to side as she stares at it, almost as if she's studying it.
Nerina: “T-thank you, Touma,” Nerina says, putting on the necklace.
While thanking us, she proceeds to pick up her wine glass, taking a flustered gulp of the wine.
Looking over, I can see Rabea taking small sips yet already starting to look a little drunk, while Sylpha is already pouring herself another glass. I decide to join in sipping down the last drops of my glass before pouring myself another one.
After some time filled with drinking and chatting. Rabea almost drops her glass trying to put it down, making it, I think, her fourth glass.
Sylpha: “Looks like you're enjoying the wine. Just don't go too crazy.”
My words remind me how much we have already gone through; looking over at the bottles, it seems like one is empty while the other one is half gone. Rabea and Sylpha might need help getting home.
Rabea: “I think she should get going. Happy birthday, Nerinaaaa.” Rabea says, slurring her speech on Nerina’s name.
Touma: "Here, I’ll take you home. Nerina, you think you can help Sylpha hom?" I say, helping her stand up. I am probably the most sober in this room, followed by Nerina, so I do feel some responsibility in this role.
Nerina: "S-sure," she says, trying to wake up a sleeping Sylpha, which I hadn't noticed until now.
Leading Rabea downstairs, trying to prevent her from falling, I bring her to the entrance, managing to open the door.
Outside, the cool night air seems to help Rabea sober up.
Rabea: "H-hey, do you hate me?” Rabea turns my way now, facing me wide-eyed and a lot less drunk than she was a moment ago.
Touma: “What brought this on? I think you know I don't hate you.”
She opens her mouth before closing it again.
Rabea: "Sorry, I think I’m just tired," she says as she rubs the back of her head.
Touma: “Do you need to sit down?"
Rabea: "Sure, that would be nice. I think there is a park nearby."
We don't talk much on the way there. The night air is cool; I occasionally glance her way to see the moonlight reflecting off her face, and the faint sounds of insects can be heard.
Seeing a bench off in the distance, I nod towards it as we both make our way there, dropping down onto it.
Rabea: "Sorry for making you worry; there's been a lot of work recently from the anthology to student council work.”
Touma: “So you have been overworking yourself recently.”
Rabea: “Maybe just a little, heh,” Rabea says with a little chuckle.
Touma: "Well, if it means anything, you have plenty of friends who would be willing to help you.”
Rabea: "Yeah, I know. I’m just not used to working with others. I’m not super popular at school like Sylpha is. Coming from a city, people tend to treat you like an outsider, especially in a town where everyone knows everyone.”
Touma: "Yeah, I understand where you are coming from. I wasn't very popular back in high school either, so why did you move from the city, your parents?"
Rabea: “Mm-hmm, yeah, you see, my parents are both lawyers, and they sometimes have to travel for work, leading to me having to move out here. I think I also got my strong sense of justice from them. That has often gotten me hated by most students, enforcing the rules and all.”
Rabea then stands up with a stretch and a yawn. I decide to follow along, standing up from the bench.
Rabea: "Well, thanks for tonight."
Touma: “I’ll try not to push myself so hard, but don't start complaining if I need a shoulder to lean on.”
Rabea: "Yeah, don't worry, I won’t.”
Rabea: "Oh, and one more thing: sorry for always acting strange around you, though I think for a moment I may have fallen for you, but we all know you're in love with Nerina, so just forget what I said. Can't go ruining what we have.”
Rabea: "Well, I should at least thank you for caring for me.”
Touma: “Yeah.”
After bringing Rabea back home, I return to the bench in the park. Sitting down, my mind starts to wander; I wonder how Nerina and Sylpha are getting on.
So much has been going on the past couple of days; I'm a bit exhausted, but the anthology is almost done. There's only about a week and a half until the festival. The only thing we were never really able to figure out was the oddities that supposedly occur around the time of the Summer Triangle.
I tilt my head back and look up at the sky. The stars are out tonight.
Thinking back, it’s kind of funny that this all started when I met Nerina on that beach. A shy, awkward girl who is definitely more comfortable around people now.
That led to the student council president of her school joining. A bubbly, popular girl, and lastly, an antisocial, blunt girl who has started trying to care for others.
People from all different backgrounds, total strangers who, by all accounts, would never come together for something like this.
Was I really able to help them like they have thanked me for? I feel like I haven't personally fixed anything. They were able to do that part on their own. I just so happened to be there.
I think I’m starting to understand everything a little more clearly now. The air has gotten heavier since I first arrived, and now I have an idea that is becoming increasingly more certain to be true.
What if it were, like in the stories, that third angel, Fomalhaut, who was moved by the fate of Algorab and Saiph? What if more than just Fomalhaut were moved? Some kind of emotional pull that affected the whole town? It's just in a town like this, where everyone knows each other, that there are no factors to allow people to be honest with themselves.
Until I came, perhaps like a catalyst who was able to trigger enough change to affect something bigger than themselves.
Everything seems to line up.
Touma: “I’ll make sure to report my theory,” I say, leaning my head back, seeing Nerina walking towards me.
Nerina: “D-did you say something?"
Touma: "Um, something like that. You think you would be willing to hear me out on something?"
Nerina: "S-sure," she says with a puzzled look.
 
