(Elusive World)
How long have we been traveling for?
Day turns into night, which turns back to day. An eternal cycle so many times, far too many to count.
Yet it seems like the world is getting brighter.
This empty world that is covered in light.
The hope I hold was given by an angel.
The hope that we will reach this new world where every day is fun.
It makes me feel as if we are getting closer to something.
Until it's right there just off in the distance.
Far off on the horizon, I see mountains.
A whole range that stretches as far as I can see. They stand so tall and proud, reaching heights so high that they are topped with snow.
Is that where we are heading?
Tugging on the angel's cloth dress, I point toward the mountains.
The angel looks down at me, glances at the mountains, and then returns her gaze to me with a smile as she nods.
Angel: “Are you wondering if that's where we are going?”
I nod. Could that be it, the world full of life, a destination that felt so unreachable?
Angel: "Yes, I feel from atop such a tall mountain we will be able to reach a new world, one of life void of any loneliness.”
At the top of a mountain, we will be able to reach this new world.
What a great thought, I think.
We continue to the mountain range, traveling through the light in this empty world.
(Real World)
With just a couple more days until the festival, Nerina and I spend the next couple of days finalizing the anthology and printing out copies ready to be sold on the day of her school’s festival, right before the Summer Triangle becomes visible in the sky.
Thankfully, I will be able to view all our hard work during the festival, with Nerina informing me that, for the second day of the festival, outside guests were allowed in to explore a sort of opportunity for the parents of the town to see what the students of the only major high school in this town have been working on for the past couple of months.
Our combined group effort comprised an anthology that led with several manuscripts of books obtained from the library, followed by a collection of essays and interviews from people around town, ending with a little theory of how a 2500-year-old story about a couple of stars and angels could be affecting an entire town.
All that was missing now was a title.
Touma: "Hmmm, what about something like ‘An Eternal Detour,' and we emphasize the story in the title?" I suggest.
Nerina: “T-that could work.”
Touma: “Do you have any ideas?”
Nerina: “W-what me?”
Touma: "Yeah, it is your anthology after all; just say what comes to mind.”
Nerina: "Well, what if we focused on a more literary feel and did ‘The Sky That Separates Us’ and made it poetic?"
Touma: "Yeah, I like that poetic idea, but we should also do a title that will grab people's attention, you know.”
Nerina: "Y-yes, I agree that would be smart, like maybe something mysterious like that story your mother used to read to you, like ‘Somewhere the Sky Ends.'"
Touma: "I'm surprised you remember that story I mentioned.”
Nerina: "I-I'm sorry, it was a bad idea.”
Touma: "No, it’s fine; it was just a long time ago, I think around when we first met.”
Nerina: "Yes, on that beach.”
Touma: “Man, I can’t believe how long it's been… Oh, what about something like ‘The Long Way Around the Milky Way’? That's kind of poetic.”
It seems like the suggestion was a little corny, if Nerina's softly chuckling is any indicator.
Nerina: “Sounds like something out of a romance film.”
Touma: "Yeah, I guess it does.”
Nerina: “...”
Touma: “...”
Nerina: “W-what about if we combine the last two, ‘The Long Way Around The Sky’s End'?"
Touma: "Oh, I like it; that's definitely the one.”
With the title picked out, Nerina will now just have to get access to her school's printer tomorrow to print out the cover pages, and the journey of writing the anthology will come to an end.
We will be able to spend the next couple of days relaxing until the festival.
Then we can check out the festival and enjoy the fruits of all our hard work. Then when the festival's over...
Well, I don't know what will happen next; it's been a topic that I knew I would have to face at some point, but maybe a small part of me has been putting off wanting to face it.
The promise I made that I would only stay till the day of the Summer Triangle before continuing my search for the place in my dreams.
I thought this was it, the place I had been searching for, and yet apart from a few leads and things that seemed promising, I feel I’ve hit a dead end and will have to continue the search in some new place.
Has Nerina been thinking about it too, or has she been putting it off like me?
Will she be sad if I go?
Well, no need to worry about that now; I still have time. Time I will use not worrying about what's next. Just for now, I want that time spent with all the friends I've made in this small town.
Touma: "Hey, I’ll let the other know that we have completed the anthology and suggest going out to celebrate.”
Nerina: “T-that sounds like a good idea,” Nerina says, smiling.
Sending off a message in our group chat, Rabea is the first to respond.
Touma: “Nerina and I wanted to let you all know that the anthology is now completed, and we were thinking that we should all get together to celebrate.”
Rabea: “Very exciting news, you two. Good job, everyone.”
Sylpha: "Ooh, let’s do that restaurant we first went to when we were all together the first time to discuss the anthology. That would be the perfect place to celebrate.”
Nerina: “That’s a good idea.”
Touma: “That works with me. It’s just too bad. I wish Mala were there, but I’m not sure when we will see her again."
Rabea: “We all know she had her reasons; it was a difficult choice that took a lot of willpower. I'm sure she would want to join us.”
Sylpha: "Yeah, I’m sure we will see her at some point in the future, so don't worry, Touma; just make sure to wear something nice this time.”
Touma: “Don’t worry, I will.”
Rabea: "Alright, now that we have the location picked out, does meeting there at seven work with everyone?"
Everybody: “Yeah.”
After getting dressed, Nerina and I make our way to the restaurant. Arriving and looking around, it seems like we are the first ones here, but it doesn't take long to see Sylpha and Rabea walking towards us.
Sylpha: “Wha— how did you guys get here before us?" Sylpha says in shock.
Touma: “Couldn't tell you," I say with a shrug.
Entering the restaurant, it’s like nothing has changed, and we were meeting for the first time as a full group to discuss what we had gathered for Nerina’s anthology.
Sitting down and ordering, it’s strangely silent between everyone. Having worked together for what has felt like a long time, I feel like I know these people very well; perhaps it’s just that we all don’t know where to go from here.
Will everyone continue to be friends after this, even if I do go?
I hope that’s the case, and I wasn’t just some superficial glue holding everyone together. I want these people who really care about me to remain friends and to continue to grow and be happy.
Sylpha: “So, is everyone excited for the festival? I’ll definitely make sure to grab a copy of the anthology.” Sylpha says, starting the conversation.
Nerina: “I-it should be fun," Nerina says.
Rabea: "Well, the whole student body has put in a lot of work to make this one of the most jam-packed festivals there has been in a long time," Rabea says.
Touma: “Oh yeah, you're in charge of the festival, man. Student council sounds like a lot of work," I say, remembering that fact.
Rabea: "Well, while in hindsight it was probably too much work, it was definitely the most fun I had doing something school-related in a long time, so I hope that we will all continue to remain friends to keep that feeling,” Rabea says, a little red.
Sylpha: "Aww, I hope so for you guys., Sylpha says, going in for a hug, that Rabea seems not to try to dodge.
Yeah, these are friendships that will last. I have faith in that.
We continue to chat after our food arrives; it all feels so natural, like people that I've known my whole life, like family.
After finishing our food, I make sure to pay the whole bill as we file out of the restaurant, greeted by the cool night air of early August. The stars are out, and it seems they're shining extra bright tonight.
Outside of the restaurant,t as we were standing around, Nerina and Sylpha started chatting, which made Rabea take the opportunity to start talking to me in what seemed like a conversation that she wanted to keep private, considering how softly she was talking.
Touma: “So what do you plan on doing after the Summer Triangle? Don't think I forgot what you said when we first met about how you were only staying till the day of the Summer Triangle."
Touma: “Didn’t think you would remember that.”
Rabea: "Well, you of all people should know how perceptive I am, so are you still leaving?"
Touma: “For now, that's what it seems like.”
Rabea: "Alright, fair enough, it's not my place to judge how worth it is to leave just for some dream, but have you spoken to Nerina about this?"
Touma: "No, I haven’t…”
Rabea: “You really are a heartbreaker.”
Touma: "What's that supposed to mean?”
Rabea: “Oh, nothing, just make sure not to leave anything unfinished before you leave. Remember, I won't stand by and let my friends be hurt by anyone.” Rabea says, smiling before backing up and joining Nerina's and Sylpha's conversation.
Not leaving anything unfinished. Guess that means I have to tell Nerina how I feel. I want to bridge that gap between us. No more tiptoeing around her like this.
Sylpha: "Geez, it’s super late, and we have school tomorrow. I should get going. See you guys later," Sylpha says, waving goodbye.
Rabea then faces Nerina and me.
Rabea: “I’ll be joining her; we live near each other. See you later.” Rabea says, joining Sylpha as they disappear into the dark.
