(Real World)
Our walk back is quiet for the whole duration. I can’t seem to find the words to start any conversation, let alone the one I’ve been promising myself I would bring up; I'm exhausted, and my mind is racing.
Arriving back at Nerina's home as we both enter inside, I decide that doing this in such a blunt manner might be the only way to get my point across. I speak before I can argue myself out of what I'm going to do. My scarring isn't as bad as Nerina’s, and I can't possibly compare my life to hers, but I want to show her that she's not alone.
Touma: “Nerina… can I talk to you?"
Nerina: "S-sure. Want to do it in my room and not the hallway?"
Touma: “Oh yeah, sure.”
Entering Nerina’s room reminds me of the birthday party we held for her in it and how much our friendship has grown over the years.
Nerina: "Um, what did you want to talk about?” She asks as we sit on her bed.
I take a deep breath to prepare myself. This could backfire badly; it already has once before, but I feel as if we've come close enough for this to be okay.
Touma: "I feel like there's a lot about you I don't know yet. Things you've been carrying for a long time, and I'm asking because I want to understand you. All of you. If that's okay."
I sit and watch her, silently letting her take her time. She's not making eye contact with me and looks as if she's struggling to let herself open up to me more. Her answer finally comes in a reluctant nod.
Nerina: "Okay. B-but in return... You have to tell me about your life as well..."
Touma: “Alright.”
Nerina: “You see, when I was little, actually a couple of weeks after my mother told me that story about the angel, she died from a brain tumor. Something about some disease that increases the chances of it happening due to blood clots forming in the brain.”
Touma: “My dad didn't handle her death too well; I think the grief and stress got to him. Right after she died, he decided to leave and make me stay with my grandma. I haven't seen him since.”
Nerina: “So, for as long as I can remember, I have been scared of becoming stagnant; perhaps that's why I’ve been chasing this literal pipe dream. A way that I don't have to stay long in the moment,t and I can always be on the move, so when I finally reach that angle and have my wish come true, I’ll be able to finally stop moving and rest without worry.”
After I finish speaking, there is a long silence. Nerina seems to be deep in thought, perhaps about what I said or what she plans on saying.
Touma: “Thank you… Touma, I think I understand.”
Nerina: "Umm, could you close the door?" Nerina says, grabbing her shirt dress at her heart.
I turn and close the door, then return to sitting on the bed, freezing in time.
Nerina: "You told me about your past, so I have to tell you mine."
As she stands up and moves to the window, her hands move to the ribbon of her shirt dress as she begins to tug, all but confirming my thoughts.
Nerina: "P-please... don't say anything."
I stay quiet as she slips off the ribbon on her shirt dress and unbuttons the rest before working the clip on her bra. All I can do is watch as Nerina, with trembling hands, finishes by unclipping her skirt, letting it drop to the ground.
Finally, she takes her shirt dress in her hands and draws it off, her bra falling from her shoulders.
Before me is Nerina, all but bare except for her stockings and underwear, her back facing toward me as her head is turned over her shoulder so she can continue to look at me.
Nerina: “This is me. All… of me.”
My eyes are drawn to the scarring on her back. The skin on her right side is of a similar texture to that of her face, but it's also covering a much larger area, with the scarring being the worst on the shoulder, buttock, and thigh.
Nerina: "I'm sorry for lying to you; my parents aren't away.”
Nerina: “The fire happened when I was only seven years old. It was during the night, and my whole family was sleeping when it started.”
The shaking of Nerina’s shirt dress gives away that she is trembling in both voice and body.
Nerina: “When the fire… swept over me, all I could do was curl up into a ball…”
Nerina: “My mother… tried to shield me; that's why I'm alive… right now.”
Nerina's eyes are starting to moisten as she is reliving the painful memories.
Nerina: “Right before high school, in my last year of middle school, I was tired of feeling guilty over my mom's death.”
Nerina: “So I attempted suicide… by jumping off a building…”
Nerina: “I had somehow survived, but rumors… soon began to spread around town.”
Nerina: “People didn't know how to behave around me anymore.”
Nerina: “It wasn't hatred or malice; I was just the subject of everyone's pity… People didn't know what to say or how to act around me… So they decided just to avoid me.”
Nerina: “Like they feared me… Like I was some sort of monster…”
Nerina: “I’m not a monster; I just wanted to see my mom again.”
Nerina's eyes begin to water as she goes quiet.
I think what I should say now, and what Nerina wants me to say now, is the truth. What I genuinely, honestly, believe.
Touma: “It doesn't matter; you're a wonderful person, not a monster, Nerina. Nothing about your body or past changes that.”
Nerina: “I know I’m not pretty like Rabea… Or Sylpha… Or Mala…. I just wanted you to see the real me… Like you showed the real you.”
Touma: “But I already know the real you, though. You didn't need to take off your clothes for that.”
Her lips are open, just a little. Without thinking, I lean forward and press my lips to hers. The kiss only lasts for a moment before our faces part. The feeling of Nerina’s mouth on mine lingers while our eyes remain locked to each other.
With trembling hands, I begin undoing the buttons on my shirt. Nerina remains standing where she is, looking at the ground in front of her. My shirt falls to the floor, joining Nerina’s shirt, dress, and skirt. Nerina's body flinches at the sound of me undoing my zipper on my pants and pulling them down as they too join the pile of clothes.
I decide on keeping my boxers on; maybe it's the sheer embarrassment stopping me, along with not wanting Nerina any more distraught.
Touma: “Nerina…”
She gives a nod, glancing at me as we make our way to her bed. I take the initiative, turning around and sitting on the side of the bed, inviting her to take a seat next to me.
Yet she takes this cue and sits between my legs, causing a rush of sensation to hit me all at once. The feeling of her behind against my crotch and the strong but nice smell of her hair. I try to put on a smile to try to make the situation a bit more comfortable for her, but it feels really stiff. Deciding to try and move things along, I find my hand on her breast as the other finds itself on her leg. Her lips close tightly together as she tries to suppress being startled by the action.
Touma: “Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you.”
Nerina breathes and shakes her head as her only reply. I hesitate with a gulp for a moment before continuing, feeling and massaging her breast and nipple. For a while, I can’t tell if it's helping her get into the mood at all, but her breathing starts to slow into a more rhythmic pattern as her body relaxes into mine. It's satisfying for us to feel like this together rather than feel her body alone.
I slowly move my hand downwards, trying not to surprise her too much. Given no protest, my fingers begin to move up and down the soft groove between her legs. By now her body is pressed up against mine, separated by a thin gloss of sweat. She feels warm, as all of this has aroused me, as well as her.
I stop moving my fingers, letting Nerina give a long breath of relief from all the feelings. Nerina is lying in front of me, her chest breathing, her face flushed, and her eyes looking into mine; her scars are just making her look all the more unique.
I bring myself closer to her, putting my hands on her waist. I wait for her to nod before taking a delicate hold of her panties and moving them aside. Nerina is now practically naked; the scarring is now plain to see.
I open my boxers and move myself up a little on the bed. Nerina's entire body tenses as I bring myself closer to her, her eyes widening. I lean over her and press my lips to hers, our tongues carefully touching. I can feel her body becoming less tense under mine. I then remember something and pull back.
I lean over the side of the bed to where my trousers are, my hand reaching for the back pocket and grabbing a little foil square. I quickly pull myself right onto the bed, sitting back and fiddling with the packet. It takes a little while for everything to go on correctly, but eventually the rubber sleeve covers what it should.
My slight confusion at my fumbling while trying to work with a condom seems to have amused her a little.
After positioning myself in what feels like the correct position. I take my penis in my slightly shaking hand. Nerina’s face is looking at me with her eyes, looking at where our crotches meet. With a short breath, I position my head and push my hips forward.
In one stroke, I push myself fully inside of her. The rush of sensations fills my head, and Nerina yelps in pain. I mistakenly pushed too hard and too fast and caused her more pain than necessary. Neither of us really knows what we're doing, and the last thing I wanted was to hurt her. Nerina looks towards me. She must have seen how troubled I look as she tries her best to put on a happy face. It's not very convincing at all.
I look down and begin, slowly, to move my hips again after giving her a few moments to recover. The feeling inside of Nerina is soft and warm, and yet the movements feel really unnatural, feeling muscles moving all over my body, and Nerina’s soft gasps and constant movements don’t help either.
Looking at Nerina, the look of pain doesn't seem to be lessening. Her scar tissue causes one side of her body to move a little differently from the other, and strands of her hair are now sticking to her face. After some squirming for both of us, we try positioning ourselves a bit differently to minimize her pain.
A new wave of pleasure suddenly begins to wash over me. My feelings are beginning to well up, and I don't think I can control them anymore. From the sounds she's making, I don't think this position's helped Nerina feel much better, and I don't think I'm going to be able to hold her much longer, either.
I turn and lay her back down on the bed, both of us well beyond the point of doing anything but reaching the end. One thrust after another, I begin to feel that point coming. Nerina gives a small shriek as my mind blanks. My waist hits hers as I hit the point of climax, and I can feel myself twitching inside of her. Her body twists and turns under mine, only heightening the feelings of euphoria.
And then after just a moment, it ends. We both lie beside each other, naked and pressed against one another, too fit on a bed made for a single person. Pulling a blanket over us to stave off the cold is all I can do. The only sound in the room is that of our breathing. The sweat that had accumulated on my body feels uncomfortable. We're both physically and emotionally exhausted and a complete mess all over.
All thoughts I’m thinking are pushed aside as I see the wide smile forming on Nerina’s face. I smile back without having to think. Nerina’s smile has always been infectious. Right now, we don't need any words to fully understand each other.
(Elusive World)
We soon arrived at the base of the mountain.
Looking up, I can't see the top.
I don't know if I can do this.
Looking at the angle, she smiles with a nod.
Angel: “It’s very tall.”
Angel: “Are you scared? I’m scared."
Angel: “But I’m also happy the thought of a new world filled with life makes me feel warm.”
Angel: “I know we can do it.”
We start climbing the mountain; it's very steep, and the terrain is rough.
It’s hard to climb in this small wooden body of mine.
There are several points where I almost fall.
If I fell, what would happen?
Would I be ok?
Or would something worse happen?
It’s a scary thought I don't want to think about.
I just have to keep moving, grabbing hold of one rock and then grabbing on to the next one.
It's a motion that becomes so familiar as I get higher up the mountain.
The angel and white cat are beside me.
Sometimes I can see her hands as she reaches for the next rock.
They are marked with bruises and injuries.
She must be in pain.
I want to share that pain.
Share the burden that she shouldn't have to carry alone.
Yet all I can do is just keep moving.
 
