(Real World)
It’s the day of the Summer Triangle, August the eighth, and the day when I have to make my decision on whether I’m staying here or leaving to continue the search for my dream.
After getting dressed, I check the time: six in the afternoon, just about time before the sun starts setting and the Summer Triangle becomes visible. I exit the guest room, heading downstairs, where Nerina is waiting for me at the bottom.
She is wearing a sundress with her flat cap. This girl who loves me… is very beautiful. She's also holding a picnic basket since it was Rabea's idea that we have one while watching the Summer Triangle.
Touma: “Sorry for keeping you waiting.”
Nerina: "I—it's okay. Are you ready to get going?"
Touma: “Yeah, let's not keep the other waiting.”
Nerina gives a nod as we head out together. Leaving her house, we headed down the street until we hit the cross where the road splits, the location we agreed to meet after the fireworks ended last night. Approaching from the right, I can already see Rabea and Sylpha heading towards us.
Touma: “Hey, what's going on, guys? "I say, greeting them as they wave, approaching us.
Rabea: "Hey, did you bring the things for the picnic?" Rabea asks.
Nerina: “Y-yes, it's right here,” Nerina said, holding up the basket.
As we were speaking, I heard footsteps coming from behind me. Turning around, I saw that Mala had arrived soon after the others.
Mala: "Hey, hope I'm not late," Mala says, greeting us.
Nerina: “No, you're fine; we just got here a couple of minutes ago ourselves."
Sylpha: "Ok, that's everyone. Follow me, guys; it’s the same spot as last time," Sylpha says enthusiastically, leading us to the path next to their school.
As we were walking to the path, Rabea pulled me aside out of earshot of the rest.
Rabea: “Have you made your choice of what you're doing after this, Touma?"
Touma: "No, not yet. Haven't found a good time to bring it up to Nerina.”
I think I pissed Rabea off because she’s now giving me a sharp glare.
Rabea: "Well, you'd better decide soon; you're going to break that girl's heart. I don't get why you would even get together if you're still considering leaving.”
Touma: "Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. I’ll talk to Nerina after we all watch the Summer Triangle.”
Rabea: "No, I'm sorry. What I said was harsh. It's not my place to make you stay; just know that more than Nerina will be sad if you leave, Rabea says, looking over at the others.
I give a final nod before Rabea falls back to talk to the others.
Arriving at the school, we all make our way around the side to the entrance of the path. Entering the wooded area, we start traveling up the steep hill.
About halfway up the hill, a familiar sweating and hotness start to fill my head as a new pressure hits behind my eyes. The edges of my vision narrow to a dark tunnel as the sound of everyone talking stretches thin and sounds far away. The last thing I feel is my body falling to the ground in a thud as the cool grass brushes against my skin before everything goes dark.
Touma: "Hmmm, everything is dark. Have I been asleep?" I think I'm struggling to open my eyes.
When I finally manage to open my eyes, I encounter an unfamiliar white ceiling. Sitting up in the bed I'm lying in, I see that a girl is sleeping in a chair beside me. Looking around, I can see various objects, an IV bag, monitors, and a table with various items like disposable gloves and bandages. I'm guessing the setting is a hospital.
Looking back at the girl, she’s starting to wake up. She's gorgeous; she has very long, dark hair and eyes that are a deep shade of purple and what appear to be burn scars along the right side of her face.
Nerina: “Ah, you're awake,” the girl says.
Touma: "Y-yeah… Umm, who are you?”
While I’m sitting in a hospital bed, wondering who this girl is and how I ended up here, the girl starts speaking again.
Nerina: “Do you remember my name?”
Touma: “Sorry, no, I don’t know who you are.”
Nerina: “My name is Nerina, and I’m your girlfriend.”
My girlfriend? Last I remember, I never had a girlfriend, and the name "Nerina" doesn't ring any bells either.
Touma: “Sorry, I still don’t know who you are.”
Yet as I’m speaking, a doctor comes in; he must have heard us talking. He proceeds to ask me a series of questions like today's date, my name, and general things that seemed straightforward.
Touma: "Sorry, why are you asking me these questions? Why am I here?"
The doctor then turns around to Nerina, a girl who claimed to be my girlfriend.
Doctor: "Nerina, do you want to explain it to him?"
With a nod, she approaches my bed before speaking.
Nerina: “Touma… you have experienced memory loss.”
Memory loss almost feels unreal, as if I were being pranked and surrounded by actors; however, the redness around Nerina's face, indicating that she had been crying, confirmed that this wasn’t a prank.
My head hurts. I go to touch it, feeling the bandages that were wrapped around it as I press. Nerina puts her hands on my other hand.
Nerina: “Are you ok?”
Touma: "Yeah, it just hurts a little, not a big deal.”
Nerina: “D-do you mind me asking what the last thing you remember is?"
Touma: "No, I don't mind. Let's see… right before this, I was on a bus heading off to a town. You see, I’m looking for something. Did something happen on the bus?”
With a sad expression, Nerina then explains the situation.
According to her, I had gotten off the bus here, and I was assisting Nerina with a school project, writing an anthology on the Summer Triangle for her school's festival with a couple of other people that I had made friends with while here. By the time we finished writing it, we had become lovers. After that, we attended the festival together, and then, when we went to watch the Summer Triangle together. When my phone dropped from my pocket, breaking, they all saw that I had gotten into an accident due to fainting.
If this is all true, then before the accident happened, I must have been very happy.
She says I was in an accident, but apart from my headache, I feel fine. I don't know if we are really lovers, but at the very least, this is a person that I can trust.
Touma: “What caused me to collapse must have given me amnesia, so I’ll probably have to stay in the hospital for a while for checkups, right?"
Hearing what I asked, the doctor and Nerina looked at each other before the doctor decided to speak first.
Doctor: "Yes, we will need to do a series of brief checkups, but you will probably be discharged tomorrow.”
It's very surprising; I would assume that for something like this, it would take much longer than that.
Nerina: "Isn't that great news, Touma? Tomorrow we can go back to my home, the place you have been staying at during your time here," Nerina says now, smiling.
Looking at the girl in front of me, it’s hard to believe that I was dating her; she is really beautiful, which makes me feel a little embarrassed.
Nerina: “Is something wrong, Touma?"
Touma: “No, it's nothing. I was just wondering about the other people I worked with on the anthology. Won't they want to see me?”
Nerina: "Yes, but I talked to the doctor, and he recommended that we not overwhelm you and ease you into restoring your memories, so they’ll visit my place in a couple of days.”
Nerina then grabs both my hands with hers.
Nerina: “I would do anything for you, Touma; let’s do our best together.”
With visiting hours coming to an end, Nerina waved goodbye to me, saying she would come tomorrow to pick me up once I’m discharged from the hospital.
I spend the rest of the day going through different checkups before returning to my hospital bed and drifting asleep, staring out the window at the unfamiliar town.
I woke up pretty early in the morning due to not getting much sleep last night. Shortly afterwards, I was greeted by the doctor I saw yesterday, and he informed me that I had just one more series of checkups before I was being discharged.
Like yesterday, the checkups were somewhat easy; no, they were actually easier than yesterday since it seems like the headache I had yesterday had gone away too, so shortly after completing my checkups, I was officially discharged from the hospital.
Nerina showed up shortly afterward, since they were still somewhat cautious of me leaving so early, even though it was their choice, I was temporarily placed in a wheelchair just in case I fainted again or something like that.
Nerina: “Hello Touma… do you happen to remember any of your old memories?”
Thinking for a moment, since it wasn't even something I had considered, nothing came to mind. My memory, as Nerina has described, was completely gone, and I had no reason to believe it had even happened at all, yet I chose to trust her.
Touma: “Sorry, nothing new has come back.”
Nerina: “That’s ok, hopefully once you enter the house, some memories will come back.”
Nerina takes me out of the hospital in a wheelchair, which, apart from being a little embarrassing, gives me the chance to look around the town a little more as I try to retain my memories.
To be honest, it’s a little overwhelming to believe that after all this time of living here, I would just forget. Looking around, nothing feels familiar, just what you would see in any town, yet as I’m looking around, Nerina is describing in detail some of the locations that we are passing and how they are important to me, or at least the me who didn't forget his memories.
As we approach a house, Nerina slows down the wheelchair until we come to a halt.
Nerina: “Ok, this is the place. Is anything coming back?”
Touma: “Sorry, it doesn't look familiar where we're really living here together as a couple.”
Nerina: “Yes, even before we started going out, you lived here for a little bit while we worked on the anthology.”
Touma: “Well, maybe if I see the inside, something will come back. I should be able to walk from here,” I say, standing up from the wheelchair.
It seems that Nerina is a little overwhelmed by how often she’s asking if I remember anything, maybe a little more than I am. It’s a difficult situation, but stressing won’t solve anything; in fact, it will probably just make it worse, so I want her to know that she can feel more comfortable during my memory loss.
Nerina: “Good idea, you just go inside and look around, then rest for a bit. I'm sure you're exhausted. I’ll worry about making lunch.”
Entering the house, Nerina heads for the kitchen as I look around the first floor, not moving, almost as if I’m scared to go in deeper.
Nerina: “Is something wrong, Touma? Your room is upstairs. Do you need me to show you?”
Touma: “No, that's ok, I think I can manage to find it,” I say, heading upstairs.
Stumbling into what appears to be a guest room is the suitcase that I’ve been traveling in for the past month, next to a bed and a side table. So this is the room I’ve been staying in, as I look around, I try to focus by thinking really hard if somehow that will cause my memories to return, but with no luck.
After some more looking around, inspecting the room, and a quick look in my suitcase, I head back downstairs to the smell of food.
Touma: “Do you need any help?”
Nerina: “No, I think I’ll be ok, why is something wrong?”
Touma: “No, it’s nothing, I was just wondering. When we were living together, were you the one who usually cooked?”
Nerina: “No, actually, it was normally you, I… I just wanted to do something nice since you're back… I was really scared when you fainted.”
Touma: “Umm, I’m sorry for making you worry.”
Nerina: “It’s ok, you can have a seat, I’m almost done. I actually have you to thank. I picked up on a few things watching you cook.”
After waiting just a couple more minutes, I see Nerina turn around carrying two plates of food. She sets hers down before then setting mine down, then giving me a small kiss on the cheek. Intuitively, to me, not knowing her well as I currently am, I lean back a little on reflexes, which seemed to have startled her.
Nerina: “Sorry, I shouldn't have done that with your memories gone,” she says, deeply apologizing.
Touma: “No, no its ok, it just shocked me a little bit… Um, is that something we often did, you know?” I say starting to get embarrassed and turning red.
Nerina: “I… I wouldn't say that often, but we did kiss, you know, from time to time. Did you not like it?”
Touma: “No, it’s not that, it’s just hard to believe you are my girlfriend. I think you're very pretty.”
Looking up and locking eyes with Nerina, she then starts to get embarrassed, turning a little red before sitting down and starting to eat, which I follow in doing.
After we ate, she then brought me with her, showing me things around the house, like her room, the one we apparently held her birthday party in, and the necklace with the star pendant that I got her that went with the jewelry box we got together.
Unfortunately, none of it brought back any memories, so haven given up on that. We then spent the rest of the day with Nerina answering any questions that I had before we went to sleep, promising that she would bring me somewhere tomorrow in hopes of restoring my memory.
