(Real World)
Early next morning, Nerina was taking me somewhere to see if it could help restore some of my memories. The walk was surprisingly short. I guess you get that feeling in a small town, but what was even more surprising was our destination.
Seems like I've been dragged out to a small local library. What could we have done here? I have never been very smart, barely managing to graduate high school, so college was out of the question, so I've rarely even been in a library.
Touma: “Hey, um Nerina.”
Nerina: “Yes, Touma is something wrong.”
Touma: “I was just wondering if this was really the place. I'm not really the book type, I couldn’t imagine myself spending a lot of time here.”
Nerina: “Well, I suppose it's true we didn't come in here often, but when you helped me with my anthology, we stopped here for a couple of books, so I thought I would be a nice place to start.”
Touma: “That’s right, your anthology.”
As we look around the library, none seems to stand out in causing my memories to return. It's like I've never been here before, even when I read through some of the book on the Summer Triangle that we used to write the anthology, nothing comes to me.
Looking behind me, I can see Nerina looking for books, perhaps trying to find any more books we used for the anthology, despite the ones I've looked through so far being of no use. She’s trying so hard just for me. Was I really that special to her? I know where dating but…
Touma: “Hey, I have an idea.”
Nerina: “Oh, Touma, yes, what is it?”
Touma: “It’s getting kind of late. Are there any restaurants we went to back before I lost my memories we could have dinner at?”
Nerina: “Hmm, let me think… I think I know where we can go, let's make it a date, okay.” Nerina says with such a warm smile that makes my heart skip a beat.
I can’t believe I’m dating this girl.
Leaving the library, we head back to Nerina’s house, and she tells me to change into something nicer for this restaurant, which must be pretty fancy if I have to change. Heading back down, I wait for Nerina, who eventually comes down wearing a very fancy-looking one-piece dress with some heels.
Nerina: “Is something wrong, Touma? Is something on my face?” Nerina asked, I must have been staring and made her uncomfortable.
Touma: “N-no, you just look very good.”
Nerina: “Oh, thank you. You look nice as well.”
Arriving at the restaurant, the walk was surprisingly short, with the station and library being close by. Entering, the high-pitched clatter of wine glasses and silverware, the background murmur of calm conversation. I don't feel overly stiff because of the formal yet laid-back mood.
Once seated, it doesn't take long for our waiter to come by, and we order our food. Once our waiter leaves, I glance over at Nerina. I’m a little nervous, I can’t believe this is our first date, or no, I guess this wouldn't be our first.
Touma: “Touma…” Nerina says, catching my attention.
Nerina: “Oh yeah, what’s up?”
Nerina: “You keep staring; something must be on your mind.”
Touma: “Ah, sorry,” I say, rubbing the back of my head.
Nerina: “It’s just, I guess I kind of just feel bad, I don’t know what to talk about. The old me, with all his memories, must know a lot about you. I'm kind of envious of him.”
Nerina then puts her hand on top of my resting hand and smiles at me.
Touma: “You're still the same person I fell in love with back then. I’m glad, so you really want to know more about me even in these circumstances.”
Nerina: “Yes, I do, please tell me.”
Our waiter then arrives with our food, and Nerina proceeds to tell me everything the old me knew, like the house fire where she lost her parents and how, thanks to me, she was able to make lots of friends. She looked gorgeous under the lights of the restaurant, talking the whole time.
Despite it being late at night after we finish eating, leaving the restaurant, Nerina takes my hand and drags me to a sort of arcade near the station.
Touma: “Why’d you bring me out here? Don't you think it would be closed? It’s pretty late after all.” I asked.
Nerina: “Hmm your right, most of it is closed, but the photo booth is still open.”
Touma: “Photobooth?”
Nerina: “You said you were envious about how you had all these memories with me, so you know why not make some new ones.”
Touma: “Yeah, I did say that, but don’t you think we're a little old for this might be embarrassing,” I say, feeling my face turning red. I still only feel like I’ve known Nerina for two days.
My comment caused Nerina to turn a little red herself before looking down.
Nerina: “You're right, I’m sorry, Touma, we can do this at our own pace. I’m still practically a stranger to you now.”
Touma: “No, I didn’t mean it like that. I mean, I won't deny that it did cross my mind at some point, but I’ll choose to do the photo booth with you because I trust you, Nerina. I trust you will be the one to get my memories back.”
Nerina: “Thanks, Touma.”
Entering the photoboth its all very strange. I've never used one of these before. In front of me is a screen when we entered the coins Nerina had on her. The screen turns on and tells us to pose with a countdown.
We proceeded to strike various poses as the camera took our pictures, with Nerina kissing me on the cheek for the final shot, which seems to be something that still shocks me. I know she's my girlfriend, but I don't think I'll ever get used to it.
Our pictures then drop from a little slit in the machine answer both start laughing, looking at the photos as we exit the photo booth.
A couple of days later, after getting up, it was relatively quiet, which was strange. The past couple of days, Nerina and I spent walking around town trying to regain my memories. After heading downstairs, Nerina informed me that we were heading out somewhere new to see if it would help regain my memories.
Leaving Nerina’s house, the walk is a lot longer than normal. Seems like we're heading deeper into the town, looking around, there are fewer residential houses and more shops and services.
Eventually, we stop in front of what seems like some sort of antique store.
Nerina: “Ok, this is where I wanted to take you today,” Nerina says, turning around to face me in front of the entrance.
Touma: “Is this somewhere I went frequently?”
Nerina: “Not exactly, you went here when we got my jewelry box and the birthday gift you got me.”
Looking down from Nerina’s eyes to below her neck, there rests a silver necklace. That's right, the silver necklace with the star-shaped pendant. The one I got her for her birthday.
Entering the store, there is a surprisingly small number of people. Actually, after taking a second look around, there’s nobody here that is, until an old man appears from behind one of the shelves; he must have stocking items.
The old man: “Oh, hello, Nerina Touma. I heard about what happened. It seems like you're doing well.” The old man says before heading back behind the register.
Nerina: “Oh, yes, thank you.”
Looking around, I see several wooden pieces that look very similar to Nerina’s jewelry box, different styles of jewelry boxes, music boxes, and other wooden pieces line the shelves, following leads to a basket filled with an assortment of jewelry.
I guess this is where I got her birthday gift. Looking over at Nerina, it seems she’s inspecting something on the other end of the store, not being able to get a good look from here, I decide to approach closer.
Given a closer look, I can see Nerina is holding a small wooden jester.
Touma: “Is that something you're interested in?” I ask from behind.
This seemed to have scared Nerina, with her jumping a little before turning around.
Nerina: “Oh, Touma, you scared me… Um, not really. I just thought it was interesting, I’ve never noticed it before, and it's the only little wooden figure like it here, like it's been all alone.”
Touma: “Then you should get it.”
Nerina: “Uh, what do you mean?”
Touma: “If you brought it back to your house, then it wouldn't be lonely anymore, right?”
Nerina: “Hmmm, I guess you're right, alright, I get it,” Nerina says, bringing the wooden jester to the register.
After Nerina pays at the register, we decide to leave. It seems like we’ve hit another dead end. This place didn't bring back any of my old memories.
Nerina: “Are you hungry, Touma? I got word from another one of the people who helped us with the anthology, Rabea, that you two went to a cafe back before you lost your memories. If you want, we could eat there.”
Touma: “Alright, that sounds good, lead the way.”
On our way to the cafe, while looking down an alley, I notice a white cat pacing around before running off. I feel like I’ve seen a couple of those the past few days.
The cafe isn’t too far from the antique shop, and after arriving, we enter to find it very packed inside with the bar area being full, not like where old enough to drink anyways.
After being seated, we order our food, and our waiter leaves.
Touma: “It’s pretty crowded in here. Is that normal for this place?”
Nerina: “I’m not actually sure I don't come too often, maybe I did here you and Rabea only played eight ball while here.”
Touma: “That does sound like something I would suggest.”
After our food arrives, there is a pretty long silence. Maybe something is on Nerina’s mind. Should I ask? I mean, we are dating, so it wouldn't be that crazy, right? But before I can ask, Nerina opens her mouth.
Nerina: “Touma… Can I ask you a question?”
Touma: “Yeah, go ahead. What is it?”
Nerina: “What are you planning on doing if we can’t get your old memories back your still searching for your dream after all.”
I’ve been so busy with everything that has happened with my memories recently that I haven't had time to stop and think about the future. What am I going to do? This is something that I’ve been looking for the past year, but…
I don’t want to leave Nerina; she's one of the few people in my life who has truly cared for me. I trust her with my life. I imagine somewhere in the memories I’ve lost, she has changed me more than I could ever know. I choose not to throw that away.
Touma: “I want to stay with you until I get my memories back. I can’t forget the time I’ve lost with you, not for anything.”
Nerina: “Thank you, Touma, you never change,” Nerina said, smiling so brightly.
I can’t help but smile back; it’s infectious, almost childlike. I can't describe it. Why do you shine so brightly while carrying such a fragile presence? You've been fighting so hard just for me. You truly are an amazing person, Nerina.
We finish eating and finish the night talking the whole way back. I wish these times could last forever.
(Elusive World)
How long have we been climbing this mountain?
Looking up, I think I can see the top.
Yet it all feels so out of reach.
I’m scared.
Angel: “...”
I’m so scared.
Like, my body will give out to fear at any moment.
I look over at the angel.
She is shivering as we climb.
That’s right is this wooden body of mine, I can’t feel warmth or coldness.
We don’t have a lot of time left.
We have to make it to the top.
But as we get closer to the top, it only gets colder.
I feel so useless.
I feel powerless, unable to stop her pain.
So we will run out of time, and the angel will be unable to move.
If that were to happen.
Angel: “...”
