(Real World)
It’s the seventh day since I woke up from fainting, with around a month’s worth of memories gone. I’ve been working with my supposed girlfriend, Nerina, to get them back with no luck so far.
I woke up this morning with a little bit of a headache, which in my case is nothing new. This tends to happen from time to time, with it fading after a little bit. Getting changed and heading downstairs, Nerina is already there waiting for me.
Nerina: “Good morning, Touma. Did you sleep well?”
Touma: “Yeah, not bad, you're up early, is something happening?”
Nerina: “Well, to tell you the truth, before you fainted, we were planning to have a picnic on top of a hill near my school to watch the Summer Triangle.”
Touma: “But it never ended up happening because I fainted, right?”
Nerina: “Yes, unfortunately, we never got the chance, so I’ve been preparing all morning to make a picnic basket so we can have a little date on top of the hill.”
Touma: “And you were hoping it could help me get my memories back since we have yet to visit the hill.”
Nerina: “You got me again, Touma. Hmm, that's why I’ve always loved you, you knew me better than anyone else.”
Maybe I was too harsh. Stepping forward, I place my hand on top of Nerina’s head.
Touma: “Hey, don’t worry, sounds like a good idea.”
Nerina: “Oh, Touma. It's not fair.” Nerina says, pressing her lips against mine as we kiss.
We must have stayed like that for so long by the time we pulled our heads back, Nerina checked the time, and got startled.
Nerina: “Oh, we should get going. I want to get to the wooden area at the entrance of the hill before school starts. Let's get going, Touma.”
Heading out into town, we walk some distance to Nerina’s school. It seems like they put the school a little way out. We sneak around the side to an opening on the side of the school that leads to a wooded area.
Touma: “I-Is this where it happened?” I ask, feeling a lump in my throat.
Am I nervous its not like me, but I guess this is where a pretty significant moment in my life occurred. What if something happens again, like this one spot is cursed?
I can’t move my legs, it’s like I’m stuck in time.
Nerina: “Yep, this is it. You ready to go?” Nerina asks, looking a little confused at my lack of movement.
Touma: “Ummm, yea just um give me a second.”
I’m such an idiot, this is so embarrassing, just move your fucking legs, Touma.
Nerina: “Are you scared?” Nerina asks.
Touma: “Um, maybe something like that.”
Nerina: “Scared that you could lose it all again, all the time we’ve spent this past week. You know things are always changing, good things, bad things, they all change, that's just something you have to accept. Knowing that, do you still think you can love me?”
Touma: “Yes…”
Nerina: “Then take my hand, let me help you walk, no matter what happens, we can always find some new happiness,” Nerina says, extending her arm towards me.
I take her arm as we take the long walk up the hill.
Reaching the top, I can see the whole town; it’s a beautiful sight. I wonder if the me before I lost my memories thought something similar.
Nerina proceeds to lay out the cloth she took out of the picnic basket, followed by two wrapped lunches. Sitting down, we start eating as we look out, viewing the whole town from above.
We spent the whole time eating in silence; not one word was spoken. After we finished eating, we packed up and started downhill. The silence was so thick, almost suffocating, until it broke like glass shattering from a mirror.
Nerina called out my name halfway down the hill.
On that slanted slope, I turned around to face Nerina.
Nerina: “Touma, since you first arrived and scared me on that beach, there hasn't been a single moment that I didn’t think about you.”
Nerina: “Because of that, I thought I never wanted to leave your side. On that day in my room when you told me your past, I believed our love would last forever.”
Nerina: “And yet when you fainted on this hill, I… was separated from you.”
Nerina: “Yet… I believed no matter how many times we got separated, you would always come back to save me.”
No, that’s not it, Nerina.
Without my memories, I can't be certain, but no, you're wrong, Nerina; all this time you have been supporting me. I’ve been relying on your support. You are the one who saved me.
I don’t want to make this girl sad.
I don’t want her to be lonely or empty.
I want every day of this girl's life to be happy.
These feelings come from deep within my heart. Not because we were so close that she cried over my memory loss. I’m standing here today because of this one week with her, feeling these truly real emotions.
These feelings definitely are… love.
Touma: “Nerina, I love you.”
I said it. So that must be it, all these unknown feelings that I have had.
I’m an idiot, a real screw-up. We have done everything a regular couple does before I had even said it. Doing it all out of order, I should have said it much sooner.
Touma: “I love you, Nerina.”
Nerina goes silent, continuing to stare at my face. It feels like an eternity has passed, yet only a couple of seconds later.
Nerina: “I’m so happy.”
Nerina: “Touma, I love you.”
She has said it many times since I have awakened, but only now do I understand what she means. I’m truly sorry, Nerina.
Touma: “This cliff really is a special place after all, huh.”
Nerina: “Yes… this isn’t the end at all… This is just the beginning.”
Nerina: “Touma…”
Nerina: “You will soon… lose your memory.”
Touma: “Huh.”
Nerina: “You will forget by the end of today.”
Nerina: “You said you loved me. Those feelings will soon also be forgotten.”
Nerina: “This summer… was not the summer you had that accident.”
Nerina: “That summer was three years ago.”
Nerina: “Three years have passed since that day.”
I don’t understand. This was no lie or prank. Everything Nerina is pouring her heart out over is the truth.
Nerina: “I want you to see this,” Nerina says, reaching into the picnic basket and pulling out a day planner.
I take it, unable to speak, and hesitate before flipping it over. On the spot six days ago in the calendar, these words are written: “Hospital Discharge”.
I go back from there and see those exact words, “Hospital Discharge,” are written the week before.
And again for the next week, and the next, and the next, and the next, and the next. It continues on endlessly.
Attached are some of the photo booth pictures we took. There are so many of them, and they continue to get older, covered in wear.
In each photo, we are striking different poses, but smiling in all of them we both are.
Nerina: “Three years ago, on the day we all went to watch the Summer Triangle on this hill… You were in an accident.”
Nerina: “At the time, nothing serious happened, just treatment.”
Nerina: “But after you fainted again, and had lost all your memories of the previous week, the doctor looked into the cause…”
Nerina: “He found out you had a disease that increased the chances of blood clots forming in your brain… The same one your mother died from, turns out it was a genetic disease.”
Nerina: “There was no specific trigger; the tumor had simply been building over time.”
Nerina: “By the end of the week, a new blood clot would be fully formed, and you would faint from it. Then it would be removed, and a new one would start forming.”
Nerina: “Since then, the three other girls who helped on the anthology… our friends Rabea, Sylpha, and Mala did a lot of things for you… They really did so much.”
Nerina: “But no matter what we all did, you didn’t get any better… Our days just continued to repeat over and over.”
Nerina: “To them, you where there biggest support and best friend. They dearly treasured the brief moments we all worked together, spent with you.”
Nerina: “Even now, they still regularly ask me how you have been doing.”
Nerina: “I also found your old high school and talked to a lot of people from your past… Even then, it didn’t help at all.”
Nerina: “That has gone on for three years now.”
Nerina: “And so much has changed. Rabea is now studying law overseas at a top university. Sylpha moved back to her hometown to assist her elderly parents, and Mala has been traveling the world helping people through social work.”
Nerina: "Remember that anthology I mentioned the five of us wrote together… it ended up catching the attention of a researcher studying the area. To this day, people still talk about the Summer Triangle and the strange way people act in the summer around town."
Nerina: “Even I have changed and grown, you would have never known, no, but I no longer stutter as I used to.”
Nerina: “I’m sorry I didn’t mean to keep it all from you,” Nerina says before her eyes break into tears.
I think about the time that she’s spent with me. What I thought was only a week was actually three years, and during that entire time, she has been fighting to get my memories back. Loop after loop repeated tens or hundreds of times.
Nerina stops crying and seems to calm herself a little, still seeming like she will break at any moment.
Nerina: “Have I been strong, perhaps forgetting about you and starting over is a kind of strength as well. But I choose to be strong, waiting until the day your memory returns.”
Nerina: “I will be there walking alongside you, together.”
Nerina: “We kept walking around this town. For the two of us, that is the most memorable place. And so this whole time I’ve been praying for the day your memories return to you.”
Nerina: “That's why I have been unreasonable this whole week, bringing you out to all these places… I’m sorry.”
Nerina: “Do you have a head ache it’s a sign that you are going to lose your memories again.”
Nerina: “Whenever you talk about having a headache and start fainting on me, I always break down and cry like a small child. Waiting for the day your eyes open and holding out for that miracle of hope.”
Nerina: “But when you eventually come to, you won't remember my name. Then once again we will start from our self-introductions.”
Nerina: “But I think I’m ready to bring these repeating days to an end. Until now, you have only been thanking me. That wasn’t what I wanted to hear. I thought you might never say it again. However, today you… said you loved me.”
Nerina: “It was the first time in three years. Our love for each other was always there, I understand that now.”
Nerina: “So now, with strength, I can tell you that your memory loss can be cured with surgery.”
Nerina: “But the probability of success is less than half. The disease you have formed a tumor in your brain that has been forming all the blood clots. The tumor is in a difficult place to reach.”
Nerina: “If the operation is a success, there is a high chance of your memory returning. For the time being, your blood clots aren’t life-threatening if we keep taking them out and choose not to do the operation.”
Nerina: “I’ve been so scared I wanted your memories to come back, but I couldn’t lose you. Because of that, I decided to wait and see if your memories would come back naturally and the blood clots would stop.”
Nerina: “But now I’ll stop hesitating, no matter what happens, since I know you will always love me. I’m sorry for putting you through all that without telling you just for a silly reason like love.”
Nerina: “So, Touma, what do you want to do?”
Nerina wasn’t wrong with her decision. I could never blame her for the choice she made. Should I go through with the operation, it’s very likely that I will die, but if I choose not to, I’ll probably just wake up again in a hospital bed, confused.
Touma: “I’ll choose to have the surgery.”
With a smile, Nerina opens her mouth before closing it, thinking, then shaking her head and speaking.
Nerina: “That's right, no more hesitating, Alright, at some point tonight you’ll lose consciousness again, and tomorrow I’ll take you in for the operation, then by the end of the day I’ll know the results.”
Nerina: “So, can we spend the remainder of this day back at my house, Touma?”
Touma: “Sounds good, lead the way, Nerina.”
 
