(Real World)
By the time we arrive back at Nerina’s house its dark outside. Entering her house, we sit down on the couch and chat a little before deciding that it’s time to head to bed and put this three-year loop to an end.
Lying in bed, I can’t fall asleep. If the operation is successful they I suppose this is the last time I’ll be spending here for a while, that is, until I’m discharged from the hospital. And if it fails, then I will never again see this place.
I don't want to think about it, but the more I think about it, the sicker I start to feel. It's a very unpleasant feeling; is it my anxiety or the headache I have telling me I'm about to pass out? The feeling is weighing me down like I’m being crushed under my fear of dying and leaving Nerina alone.
Unable to keep my eyes close I open my eyelids. I hate this and am not able to do anything about it. That’s when I hear a knock on the door to my room.
Touma: “Yes… Nerina?”
That's when I hear the sound of the door swinging open, and I go to open the curtain, letting the moonlight flood the room. Turning back to where I was facing, there stands Nerina in her pajamas, covered in the moonlight. Before I can say anything, Nerina speaks first.
Nerina: “I’m sorry, did I wake you up?”
Touma: “No, it’s fine, I wasn't able to sleep anyway.”
Nerina: “Yeah… me neither… Touma?”
Touma: “Yeah, what it is.”
Nerina: “Touma, are you crying?”
Feeling my face near my eyes, it's wet, so I guess I have been crying without even noticing. Just how long has it been since I last cried? It has been so long.
Nerina then walks forward and wipes away my tears.
Nerina: “Touma, please don’t cry.”
Touma: “There’s nothing I can do; I might make you cry again.”
Nerina: “Even if I do cry harder and louder than I have ever before, I have faith I won’t lose the strength that you’ve given me.”
Nerina then proceeds to approach me closer before wrapping me in her arms.
Nerina: “Touma, can I sleep here tonight?”
Touma: “Yeah.”
The two of us then go back to sleep together in a single bed. I’m sure in that moment nothing could have separated how close we were, stuck together like glue. Her whole body is pressed against mine.
Nerina: “Hey, Touma.”
Touma: “Yeah, Nerina?”
Nerina: “It's been a long three years.”
Nerina: “And that’s coming to an end tonight.”
I can feel my headache growing. I want to hold out to stay in this moment, but the pain hurts, it makes me want to cry again.
Nerina: “Yeah, it is… Touma, what about your dream? You might never be able to find what you’ll be looking for.”
Touma: “Hmmm… No, I think I’ve already found it. I found it a long time ago on that beach, and it was able to grant my wish, thank you, Nerina.”
Nerina: “That makes me very happy, Touma. I'm glad I was able to be the one… You don't have to run anymore, it’s ok.”
Touma: “Yeah…”
Nerina: “Touma, I can feel your heart beat.”
Touma: “Yeah, I think I can hear yours too.”
Our hearts beat together in a rhythm. It’s almost like a lullaby; hearing it puts me at ease, allowing me to say one last thing before I give in to the pain and faint.
Touma: “For such a long time, you were able to overcome those painful three years, so from now on you'll be okay no matter what happens.”
Touma: “From here on out, no matter what happens, don't hesitate and keep going. If it's you, I'm sure you will be able to do anything the future has planned.”
Nerina: “And I love you. I love you so much. I want to say more, but all I can say is I love you, Nerina. I can’t say anything more. You really think I could put something that important into words, so all I can say is I love you. Thank you.”
(POV shifts to Nerina POV's perspective)
Touma was sent into the operating room for the surgery around ten hours ago. The last I saw of him was on a hospital bed, the sound of the wheels rattling along the floor. I held on to his hand the whole way up until the doors of the operating room.
As I kept waiting, the sound of the wheels and the smell of disinfectant filled my mind. It was a long time of waiting. All the while, I still held out hope.
In the end.
The operation did not go well.
He did not regain any of his memories and could hardly speak or walk. The days that followed were spent working on his rehabilitation.
Yet still, none of it was of any help, and by the time rehabilitation was over and the doctors ran out of options, he only had a day at most left to live.
Together, we had faced so many difficult things. We kept walking together, and by the time we had gotten to that point, we had no regrets. I am confident of that, after all, we were able to find what was important to us.
Even now, I will never forget the last scenery that we saw together. It was a sunset that extended outwards endlessly. We both gazed out at the view. Him in his wheelchair, and me standing beside him.
Up until then, we had never noticed how beautiful the world truly was. Through the experiences we shared with others, we began to see all the different colors that filled it, and had we been unaware of the colors in the world, we would have never noticed that the sunset before us was so beautiful.
Before I had a chance to notice, his eyes were shut. There was such a bright smile on his face. Just then, he moved his mouth; he said something. It was a very quiet murmur. But still, I know he said my name before falling into a deep slumber.
(Elusive World)
I can see it. The top of the mountain.
We are so close.
What will we see when we reach the top?
The world that we have been dreaming of? I grab the last rock, and I lift myself to the top as the angel and white cat beside me do the same. Looking out from the top of the mountain is a truly beautiful sight. A vast field filled with people's hopes and wishes in the form of little lights. There are thousands upon thousands of them. People not from this world, but a world filled with happiness, where it's not lonely. These countless lights prove that the world we dreamed of is real. Looking over to the angel, her smile is so bright at the sight of them all. We gaze at the vast sight before she turns to me. “I think I understand now.” “I will never feel disappear.” “We overcame so many obstacles all of us.” “We continued to believe.” “There were times my heart almost gave in to all the pain.” “There were times when I cried.” “But it’s because I lived through those days.” “That today, this view is so beautiful.” “The day I met you.” The days I walked with you.” “The days I felt disappear.” “The days I cried all alone.” “With you, I was able to find the light in my life.” “So with you, I want to find people who are lost. As I was before, and help them now.” “So if they are able to keep walking, and if they are able to find it as well.” “I hope they will help others find it too.” “I’m sure you will not hesitate.” “So no matter how painful it is right now. And no matter how sad you are.”
Angel: “Even if you get angry or scream and cry, please walk on.”
Angel: “Until the day you find your light.”
Angel: “If you, the one on the other side of some existence out there.”
Angel: “Were to find yourself alone.”
Angel: “It's all right. You’re not alone.”
Angel: “I’m here.”
Angel: “I will always be here.”
Angel: “So won’t you join me?”
Name: The Angel's Wonderful Life
By: Nerina
(Real World)
Epilogue: To A Wonderful Life
Ten Years Later.
I enjoy going to the library. There are so many books here. I could spend hours here, but I promised myself I'd visit Touma today, and after that, I need to pick up some groceries.
I’m so happy Rabea Sylpha and Mala are all coming back to town. How long has it been since we were all together? I agreed to make them a big fancy meal. I hope I’ll be able to pull it off.
Somewhere in the distance, I can hear a mother and child; they seem to be discussing something. Turning the bookshelf, a little boy is trying to show his mother a book. As the mother takes the book, she comforts the little boy.
Mother: “So this is what you want to read at bedtime.”
Child: “Yeah, there’s even a note that the author was born in this town.”
Mother: “Whoa, that’s surprising… Let’s see here, ‘The Angel's Wonderful Life,’ well, it does sound interesting, sure, let's get it.”
Guess I'd better get going too, don’t want to keep him waiting.
Eighty Years Later.
We both stand in a vast plain covered in little lights.
Touma: "Sorry for making you wait so long, Nerina. Have you been waiting long?"
I turn to look at him. I’m feeling so many emotions, but it’s definitely somewhere between tired and relieved.
Nerina: "Long enough. First, those three years when you forgot everything, then all the years when you were just gone."
Touma: "I know. I'm sorry."
Nerina: "You always are."
A long silence settles between us.
Touma: "I won't leave you again.”
Nerina: "You mean that?"
Touma: "Every word, now let's go, we have an eternity to live a wonderful life."
The End
